text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel
text:only if it has reduced rates	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to buy semi truck
text:no i need a volvo dealer	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need technical support related to your service
text:no i would like to know the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:no i want information on grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like directions to the va dmv registration
text:no i just want information about registering a vehicle	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:i am looking for basic background information	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance
text:nop i am looking for the home page	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for the convention center in florida
text:i dont know	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested
text:no i need to know what level of vldl is harmful	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know where rice originated
text:no i am looking for information on former secretary of state condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:no i would like information about manmade satelities	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a certain store location
text:i dont know	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you need information about special deals
text:yes i am looking for package deals for hotels	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held
text:yes please give me a list of the elected offices held by ralph owen brewster	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for research papers
text:no i just want to know the types of projects they do at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you traveling
text:no	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about free credit reports
text:no i am looking for information on who i can contact because there is an error on my credit report	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to see charts about vldl levels
text:yes	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas
text:no information on malignant lipolysis treatments only	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:
text:	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:
text:	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters
text:no im looking for price info and retailers that sell them	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking album called mothers days songs
text:i want to know who has made songs about mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:yes grilled fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport
text:maybe i would really just like to see all of their schedules and fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you wanting to find income tax forms online
text:yes if i can file online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what are in interested in about va dmv registration
text:how to register vehicles	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:how do you intend to use hp mini 2140
text:i dont know	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:yes i would like to see a geographical map of barbados	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering how to spot a tornado
text:no im not	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you considering purchasing an indexed annuity
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you interesting in buying furniture
text:no	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to learn about the law
text:no i would like to know what abaapproved programs there are to get a certificate to be a paralegal	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc are you interested in
text:just various athletic programs there	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which area of study are you looking for at unc
text:i am not looking yet	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:is your question about tourism in vanuatu
text:no i am looking for a map of the islands of vanuatu	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking for locations that have the scooters
text:no im looking for brands of mobility scooters	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in a calculator for child support payments
text:no i need to find law firms that offer services related to child support in indiana	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds
text:no i want to buy a dog	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment
text:no i am looking for bowflex power pro recall notices	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal
text:no i would like to know what animals are known to present lipomas	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale
text:no i would like to know the do all us government agencies use the general schedule pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport
text:no i want bart system maps	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits
text:i am interested in how to apply for the program	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them
text:yes i would like this information on how to prepare figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know more about hunting rules
text:yes would like more information on how to obtain a hunting license as well as hunting rules	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what country volvo is located
text:no just take me to their homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo
text:no i want to know the homepage of the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:what are you trying to learn about diabetes
text:im trying to get to the nih national diabetes education program homepage	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:no i would l like information about herbal supplements and appetite suppressants in pill form	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling a trombone you own
text:show me where i can buy a new or used trombone	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:i want information on the history of barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:sure but also tell me some sites where i can buy iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix
text:no i want to see the homepages for the university of phoenix faculty members	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:no i want his address	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you need instructions for cooking rice
text:no i need information about former secretary of state with the last name rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:are you putting the ivy on a trellis
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need contact information
text:possibly just take me to jax chemicals homepage	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need information about a volvo dealership
text:no i would like volvos homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what types of ps 2 games do you like to play
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list
text:i dont know yet	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you interested in organ donation information
text:no i need to know about registering vehicles	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to hear about president obamas family tree
text:i want information on his mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:i want to know how the office was conceived and why and how its conception has changed through the years	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing
text:i dont know	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the weather in kansas city
text:no	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know what channel espn is
text:no i want information on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know what country the source is in
text:no i want to see a map of the nile river basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know where rice originated
text:no i want to find recipes for rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes the web page for the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there any specific type of product on your mind
text:no just the homepage	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means
text:no i need to know who to contact if i think im being discriminated against	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth
text:no i am trying to find the website for the newspaper baltimore sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want black and white or colored designs
text:show me samples of both	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to buy old coins
text:yes i want to find out what is the best way to begin an old coin collection	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to hear about president obamas family tree
text:yes but focus on his parents and grandparents	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:
text:	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:no i need the avp antivirus website address	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:no id like to find the barbados flag	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the events going on here
text:yes i would like a schedule	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:yes i need reviews of this software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the actors in the music man
text:no im looking for the lyrics	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in objects orbiting the sun
text:no i am looking for the homepage of the baltimore sun newpaper	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know where to buy weather strips
text:no i want instructions on how to weatherstrip cars	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview
text:no just examples of post0interview thank youb letters	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like a list of common interview questions
text:no i want to find out how to best end a job in a manner that delivers a postive outcome	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you referring to the move
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to see penguins of madagascar
text:no	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic
text:any representative would do	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:
text:	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the music from inuyasha
text:no where can i download episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know more about growing figs
text:i need health benefits of eating figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area
text:i do not wish to know this information	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:which part of connecticut are you interested in
text:no what kinds of jobs are most popular in connecticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:what age of kid would be completing the activity
text:any age	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:no i would like the homepage of barbados underground	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv
text:no	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park
text:no	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like information on filing income taxes
text:yes please	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which inuyasha characters are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:
text:	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona
text:i want arizona hunting and fishing regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map with driving directions
text:no i want satellite maps	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no i want internet package excluding phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoos twitter feed
text:no i want to open yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the size of uranus
text:no im looking for wikipedia pages about uranus	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need a phone number
text:no	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:what would you like to schedule for saturday
text:i just need to find information on test preparation materials and courses for the sat	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:
text:	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for
text:plans	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you looking for sewing patterns
text:no i am interested in materials to show children to sew	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers
text:no im looking for where i can buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know the various diseases of the joints
text:can you show me treatments for joint pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know where their headquarters is located
text:no i want to know any information on what exactly is the mission descriptionof the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage
text:i want to know about the best coverage	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like to see google maps homepage
text:no i want maps i can print out for free	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:yes i do have forearm pain when i extend my arm	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see pictures of a sore throat
text:no id like information about the signs and symptoms of a sore throat	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you interested in learning more about knowledgecentered service
text:no i need info regarding merger between kcs energy and petrohawk energy corporation	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals
text:i am looking for the website homepage for the paralegal association	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for symptoms of dog heat
text:yes what happens when they get too hot	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:no im referring to bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for regulations related to your search
text:no	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for information on the origins of the company
text:no i am looking for retailers who sell jax chemical companys green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:no i am referring to bellevue hospital center in new york ny not bellevue ia	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:i want the veritas prep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you owe child support in indiana
text:yes	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know more about ldl
text:yes specifically how is it different from hdl and vldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:what year do you want to begin contributing 403b
text:i dont know	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc
text:no id like general information about pvc pipes and fittings	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews
text:yes the best ones	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what cell phone apps are you interested in
text:none id like to know about companies offering prepaid cell phones	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you wanting to find income tax forms online
text:no want to know about filing taxes	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know how to take care of it
text:no i want to know the state flower of idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested
text:no i want to know how someone determines what the vldl levels are	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for showtimes for the music man
text:yes and where they are performing	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat
text:no i need home remedies	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:no i need a list of sterategies for dealing with ocd children	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:no show me a list of general toilet manufacturers	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english
text:no	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i want a history of the hangui	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them
text:no	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you want information on international travel or domestic travel
text:what are the tsa rules on bringing liquids with you as carry on luggage	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you
text:specifically to be or not to be	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:would you like an unlocked phone
text:either locked or unlocked	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game system would you like to know about
text:the classic ones	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you looking to purchase old or collector coins
text:no i am looking for information about old us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you intereted in the diet of bobcats
text:no i want rental information about bobcat construction equipment rentals	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to the philosopher aristotole
text:no	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:
text:	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments
text:no i need information about pvc pipe	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you interested in staying here for certain dates
text:no im looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:what age group are you reffering to
text:no age group in particular just want to know what are the early signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:do you want to know how to treat different spider bites
text:no i am looking for information on how to identify spider bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:would you like to know what a conficker is
text:tell me about how worms interact with their environment	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:
text:	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4
text:no i am looking for a website that announces new playstation 2 games	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical
text:no i want to know the services available	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for multiple health clubs in arkadelphia ar
text:yeah im wanting to know about the different locations	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino
text:no take me to the employment page of the french lick resort and casinos website	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:no i need to know where i can purchase a kohler wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you interested in human body joints classifications
text:no i need information about joint pain and and treatment	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins
text:no i want to research penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:not yet at this stage i am looking for injuries or conditions	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for some medication
text:no i need information aboit throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:
text:	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting information about west point
text:no i am looking at american military university	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports
text:no i want to know how to dispute credit report information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a map of kansas city mo
text:no	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:i just want some information about tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win
text:i am looking for information on the hotel raffels in dubai india	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari games or information about the brand
text:i am interested in the history of the atari brand	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard
text:no i would like to know about ron howardss relatives	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you trying to find more information about rick warren
text:no i want to go to rick warrens website	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking
text:no i am interested in information regarding methods for quitting smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b
text:no what the withdrawel limit for the 403b	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be used as a animal pen
text:no i need information on just what are the best building materials for a regular fence	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you interested in an online site for diabetes
text:yes a specific one	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you interested in the folk remedies from a specific countries
text:no just for a sore throat	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:the grilling magazine website	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you looking for netflix
text:no television channels and shows only	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:no i do not	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:no i have no specific company in mind	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested where to find one
text:i am just interested in what the different kinds of skeey shooting games there are	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is this in reference to flowers or vegetables
text:yes	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:i want to lose 3 lbs a week how can i do this	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for any specific facilities
text:i dont know	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you wish to order online directly
text:yes i wish to order discover channel store products online	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like information on arizona wildlife
text:im looking for the website	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:
text:	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:no i want to know the medications used for ocd	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you referring to the college in new london conneticut
text:yes i wish infromation on mitchell college in new london	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:no i need information on barack obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha cosplay
text:noam interested in inuyasha anime episodes that i can download	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:would you like to see a picture of the usda food pyramid
text:yes please i would also like to see a description of it	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement
text:no i need to know the history of the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:
text:	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia
text:yes inparticular what medicines are used to treat fybromyalgia	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:do you want a list of all the volcano observatories in hawaii
text:no i would like to know the history and a summery of the work at the hawaii volcano observations	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how much would you like to pay for a dog
text:i would like to adopt a dog	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to be friends on facebook with arkadelphia health club
text:no i want their location and reviews	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack
text:no i want to know the early signs of heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need more information about different kinds of air travel
text:i need information about the transportation security administration and what they recommend	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase
text:yes car raffles specifically	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is
text:no i need an owners manual for a sears kenmore gas water heater	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you trying to build a specific kind of fence
text:i am looking to build a fence made of wood	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county
text:not only that but it might be contained in the information i am looking for	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for parts for the mgb
text:no i need to know about mini gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:no i want to buy iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:yes i am interested in learning more about different dieting tips to loose weight	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know how big they grow
text:no find images	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings
text:no i would actually like to know how premature ventricular contractions are treated	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you wanting a copy of your credit report
text:not yet i just want the customer service contact information for the three major agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats
text:no but i am searching for information about a throat malady	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services
text:yes the services	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement
text:i would prefer to find out how matin luther king contributed to the civil rights movement	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to how to adopt a dog
text:yes	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for smoking alternative products
text:no the benefits of quitting	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles
text:no i am interested in finding out about the history of the beatles rock band itself	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures
text:yes i would like to know the amount of hip fractures that occur in the us yearly	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you traveling
text:no right now i am looking for live satellite maps and photos	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in a specific part of a home
text:no i want information about pink floyds alubum	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like
text:no i want to know about the requirements for joining them	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat
text:no i want to find out what it means when my throat is sore on one side only	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to book a flight
text:no i need to know the restrictions for checked baggage	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo
text:no only interested in casinos in kansas city	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for lab jobs
text:i am looking for some career information on pnl	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:is your question about tourism in vanuatu
text:yes	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what are in interested in about va dmv registration
text:im interested in office locations and what times they are open	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting
text:i would like to see where i can get domain names	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the history of afganistan
text:no i want a map of afghanistan not the history of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:yes specifically through switching to a dial up service	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:no i would like tips on helping me do well on the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment
text:i need to see pictures	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a specific type of coin that interests you
text:yes the wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:i dont know	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:yes i want a list of parts stores	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:what information do you need about bart sf
text:i need train schedules and fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you need directions to see the last supper painting
text:no i need information on da vincis interpretation of the last supper	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what would you like to know about bobcats
text:i want to see what attachments are available for bobcat tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want information on jobs in arkansas
text:no i want information about the city of little rock arkansas	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:no i want information on low carb diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:
text:	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history books
text:no	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:are you reffering to the federal or state tax
text:no	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you need a retailer near you
text:no i am looking for the homepage for hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to file your income tax return online
text:yes i want to know how to file online	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:
text:	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the computer part
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking into price difference of companies in your area
text:yes	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er actors
text:no	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like to know about madagascar exports
text:are they know for any special exports	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car
text:yes for heavy trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about woodworking
text:i want to know more about woodworking joints	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you keeping people out or animals in
text:im not certain about either of those	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:is there something you need to know about this condition
text:i want to know the symptoms	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the weather in kansas city
text:no	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:where are you looking to travel to
text:doesnt matter i need information on checked baggage restrictions during air travel	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information on the person who invented music
text:no	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari computer system would you like to know about
text:im not sure just show show me a lsit of the arcade games they made	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:have you been to this clinic before
text:i am trying to request an appointment at the mayo clinic in jacksonville florida	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what kind of trade are you looking for
text:any job will do	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics
text:yes	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:
text:	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what channel er tv show is on
text:no i want to watch it online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari games or information about the brand
text:yes	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan
text:no i want to see maps of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins
text:no i want to find information about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:would you like to know how to catch moths
text:no	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department
text:no i am looking for guides and outfitters for hunting trips in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm
text:no	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:i need tourist information for barbados	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:
text:	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:yes im interested in how they play poker in tournaments	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you interested in a pork recipe
text:no im specifically interested in the time and temperature for cooking pork tederloin	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center
text:i dont know	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california
text:yes	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone
text:no i would like to know which free phones are available from different vendors	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:yes i need to know about differet types of ocd	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for diet information
text:i need nih national diabetes education info	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to request an appointment
text:yes	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are there specific jobs you are looking for
text:no	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:possibly but i dont have enough information to be able to answer this question	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for payment information
text:no i want general information about the california franchise tax board	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for ct jobs in your area
text:no i would like to know how to file an unemployement claim in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you referring to pocono mountains
text:the raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:no where would i send a letter to the president	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna
text:no i want to know what kind of cb antennas they sell	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which part of volvo are you interested in
text:no i want to find a nearby dealership of volvo cars	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:what would you like to know about obamas heritage
text:yes i want information on obamas heritage	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:im looking for housing information for patients of the mayo clinic	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need repair information
text:no	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i just want information on the mission of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what time er tv show is on
text:no but i would like to know what music is on the show	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i would like to know aobut the different types of toilets and how they differ	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to register to file your tax return online
text:sure i can find that useful	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking for information on the purpose of joints
text:no im wanting to know more about joint pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:do you want to know how civilians supported the battles in south carolina
text:no just an overview of battles that took place in south carolina	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need to find out how to organize your pantry
text:no i want general tips on reducing clutter and managing my time	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:yes how can i get free internet	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns life cycle
text:no just take me to the homepage of the baltimore sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers
text:no id like to know what it means	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at
text:yes and the steps on how to watch tv on the computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower
text:no	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you need any specific information on obama inauguration
text:yes related to a specific controversy	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no i want to know about iron as a nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:no i would like to know about the history of barack obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design outline
text:it could be an outline as long as it is a decal for my car or motorcycle	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:
text:	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:price of a pork tenderloin
text:no i want to know how do i grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:no i need information about avp sponsored pro beach volleyball tournaments	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to read about dj employment
text:yes	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about blushing
text:no i want a street map of flushing ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade
text:yes tell me the types of vines that can grow in shady areas	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how much do you need to lower your heart rate
text:i dont know	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about unc sports
text:no i just want to know about the unc campuses	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:in which state are you looking for east ridge high school
text:kentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies
text:no i want to find volvo semi trucks for sale	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140
text:no i would like to know the technical specifications of the hp mini 2140 notebook computer	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worms in dogs
text:i was wanting to know about how worms interact with nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule
text:no please help me find the home page for east ridge high school located in chattanooga tennessee	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email
text:no i would like help writing a thank you letter after an interview for a job	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for anything specific of a tv show
text:i am looking for photos from the survivor 9 vanuatu tv reality series	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in the history of the pcoconos
text:no poconos not pcoconos and the split rock resort in poconos	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:what kind of penguin are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to buy parts online or in person
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:are you looking for a specific observatory
text:yes the hawaiian volcano observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil
text:no what i am looking for are contractors that maintain and install septic systems	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery
text:no	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:no	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like to book a new york hotel
text:yes on long island	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:what state is mitchell college in
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to listen to his music
text:no i want to purchase his albums	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:yes i would like to learn the history of the korean language	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking
text:no just ways to quit smoking	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you trying to find out about the kcs mental health clinic
text:no im looking for information on the energy corporation not the health clinic	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others
text:no i need the homepage for mitchell colleges athletics department	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a certain inuyasha character
text:i dont know	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on residential or business
text:i dont know i want to know the cost	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking into price difference of companies in your area
text:no i am wondering who can provide voip phone service	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i need the contact information for the mayo clinic in jacksonville fl	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you need specific forms to fill out
text:no i need their contact information please	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:do you want to know more about obamas parents
text:no i would like to know more about obamas grand parrents	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in getting a quote for coverage
text:no	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for information on the music man musical
text:yes i want recordings of its songs	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are
text:no	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro
text:no i want to see the recall notices for the bowflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for different kinds of djs
text:no i want to know about jobs available to djs	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes that is what i am looking for	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i just want driving directions	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing
text:no	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:no i want historical information about the presidents office	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:yes and how to use them	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin
text:any material	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you referring to pocono mountains
text:reviews and details of the split rock restort in the poconos pa please	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:
text:	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you seeing if rick warren is still alive
text:no i am looking for a website specifically about the purpose driven life book	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat
text:yes i need information on wild bobcats	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:are you planning to run or exercise
text:no	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want the history of porterville
text:no i am looking for panthers sports team information	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:
text:	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:no i want to know about satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 adventure games
text:yes where can i buy them used	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications
text:i just want general information on the pipes and fittings	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:
text:	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup
text:no i want information on how to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like information on a particular band member
text:no only a listing of their songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the specific company
text:yes pacfific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map
text:yes i am interested in maps of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to know the news about the border wall
text:no i would like to know information about pink floyds the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want the address
text:i would like dirving directions to the sherwood regional library	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms
text:no the age group the mostly exhibits lipomas	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to learn about tractors
text:no i want the homepage of the bob cat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:i am looking for general information about low carb diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications
text:the manufacturing	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:i would love to get the most effective prep methods to help me do well	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree
text:no i want to know where his parents and grandparents are from	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no general infomation on bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for car navigators
text:yes i am looking for car navigation	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment
text:what it means	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine
text:no i want to know how butter and margarine are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know the purpose of the test
text:yes how is it properly done	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:no i need the homepage	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related
text:no i need coloring books that are dinosaur related	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms
text:yes i am looking into worms in nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like a list of new york hotels
text:no i want to book a hotel room in times square in nyc	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:
text:	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in learning more about mythological titans
text:no i am interested in titan motorcycle company	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in what the the company imclone does
text:no give me info on martha stewarts insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe
text:no i am interested in learning about my credit report score	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you interested in staying here for certain dates
text:no im looking for hotels near by	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in where penguins live
text:no i just want to see some photos of them	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you interested in making your own medicine to cure a sore throat
text:yes	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:can you read sewing patterns
text:i dont know	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:sort of i am looking for the presidents internet homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no i would like background information about the korean language	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:im not im looking for service providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a fever
text:i dont know	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:which type of lead acid batteries do you want to recycle
text:all lead acid batteries	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with
text:no i need to know what elected offices he held	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol
text:no i just want to know about their responsibilites	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy raised garden supplies
text:i want the raised garden bed supplies to be part of a kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:what are you trying to learn about diabetes
text:i need free education materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like a book about sewing
text:no i want downloadable patterns for sewing	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards personal life
text:no i want a list of movies he has directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on what is in a credt report
text:no i need the customer services information for all three major credit reporting agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for weather in arkansas
text:no i am looking for an actual map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa
text:yes	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where you can buy figs
text:no i just want information on the variety of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what price range are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to pay a bill
text:no i am looking for a website about the alexian brother lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about which sports espn covers
text:no i want to see nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma
text:yes i want to know what causes lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals
text:neither i am looking for alternative designs to a septic system	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be a tall fence or short fence
text:i would like information	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to compare specific ps 2 games
text:no i want sites that announce ps2 games	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you looking for the information about split rock restore
text:no pocono raceway in pennsylvania	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean do not resuscitate
text:no i am talking about the michigan department of natural resources	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find a certain song
text:no i want to find albums to buy	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:would like to know about any specific sports team
text:no i am looking for the citys higher education institutes	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:in which state are you looking for east ridge high school
text:tennessee	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett
text:no reviews of the book the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to a specific vehicle
text:i want information on the nissan titan	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to know different types of it
text:yes	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it
text:i dont know	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you really reffering to mothra
text:no i am referring to actual moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to purchase a weather stripping product
text:no i need information on the best way to seal my garage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:is it for a blog or for online retail
text:blog	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:are you interested in the signs one may show for mad cow disease
text:yes	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri
text:yes i would be interested in casinos as well as other things to do while visiting	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary
text:no i just want to know where it is	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a list of available new york hotels
text:only those that are located on times square	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for lab jobs
text:i dont know	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know how many joints the human body has
text:no i want to know about joint pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center
text:yes i want a link to their homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:what year of volvo do you need information about
text:i just need information about dealers near me	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you need information about a specific employer
text:no i need to know the definition of equal oppurtunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no i am looking for information about bellevue hospital center in new york new york	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking to buy a volvo
text:no i just need parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan
text:no i just need a picture	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game
text:no i am looking for members individual names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is
text:no i want to know about product recalls for skeet shoot games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to know if your spider bite requires a doctor hispital visit
text:no i need to know how to identify spider bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer
text:the homepage of the commision	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 games prices
text:no i am interested in ps2 game cheat codes	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:did you want to know about the dutchess county tourism center
text:maybe but i also need tourist information for dutchess county	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you have a specific brand name on your mind
text:no	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know who is buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to cook with rice
text:yes fried rice or rice pudding	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:
text:	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:no i want the homepage for bellevue college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the population
text:yes and nother local information	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which hospital facility are you look for
text:i would like to go to the alexian brothers health system homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for an image for lipoma
text:of the animals that usually present lipomas	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area
text:i just want a map showing lodging in the area	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:i would if they are about supports and braces to prevent injury and lessen pain	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what salary range are you looking for
text:any range	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you referencing earthquake activity
text:no i want general information	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park
text:no im looking for the website for the yellostone volcano observatory	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale
text:no i want to know if the federal wage system affects the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am searching for reviews of the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know its location
text:no i want reviews on american military universitys quality of education	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018
text:yes that would be good	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in
text:i want to go to the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters
text:no im looking for pictures	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online
text:yes episodes to download would work also	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance
text:no i want to know companies that offer long term care insurance	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you trying to find more information about rick warren
text:yes i want to locate rick warrens homepage so i can find onforamtion about his book the purpose driven life	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park
text:no i am looking for a map of the flushing neighborhood area only	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration
text:no	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you referring to pocono mountains
text:yes i am	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:yes exactly	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona
text:i need the website for the arizona game and fish department	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for attractions near porterville
text:no i want to find the porterville recorders site	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:no i am looking for satellite telephone info	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:are you looking for homes or demographic information
text:no i want information on the yorktown exhibit	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know what kind of music was the first
text:yes as well as how music developed from that point onward	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:no i want to know more about satellite radio system providers	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like a list of dinosaur movies
text:no im looking for a list of all the different kinds of dinasaurs with pictures	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is
text:no	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview
text:yes i would like help writing thank you notes after an interview	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:what area of your home would you like to organize
text:id like to focus on office supplies for now	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally
text:no i want to know how do i grow my own figs	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:which part of neil youngs life are you interested in
text:just his sheet music and lyrics	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking
text:i am looking for ways to quite smoking	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for michworks career information
text:no im looking for services available to the unemployed	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019
text:i want to know which clubs host rock and gem shows	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:
text:	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:how fast do you want the coverage to grow
text:no i want to know about different vines used for shade	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo
text:no i want to see the kansas city chiefs website	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in interview thank you letters
text:no i am interested in gathering information on the best ways to end an interview in a positve way	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for michworks career information
text:i want career information related to the available jobs	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you looking for a specific energy related company
text:no i need merger information about the merger between kcs energy inc and petrohawk energy corporation	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what time er tv show is on
text:no show me where i can watch it online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:im looking for info on iron in general	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup
text:no i just need to go to the american association of diabetes educators homepage	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er episodes
text:no i want to find episodes to watch or download	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about checked baggages rules
text:no carry on baggage rules	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to pay a bill
text:no i just want to find their website	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know about the source of the video game
text:i would like to know how to play the board game source of the nile	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology book
text:no i want to know famous quotes from shakespeares plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in lodgings
text:no i want activities for tourist	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for treatment options
text:yes for lymphoma in dogs	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a political debate
text:no i want to read about the controversy relating to warren and the obama inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what would you like to know about uplift
text:i would like to know how likely it would be and what effects an eruption yellowstone national park would be	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in visiting
text:no im searching for photos of survivor when they were in vanuatu	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want a condo for vacation or to live in
text:vacation please	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no i want to know the best ways to grill vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:are you looking for any specific photos
text:no i want to find out how to build a raised garden bed	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the basics of septic system design
text:no i am looking for a contractor that specializes in septic symptoms	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:would you like the history of the uss yorktown or information on visiting it
text:that would be helpful	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a paralegal internship
text:no i want to know what programs are abaappoved	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i want to take a practice exam	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for the information how 403b plan works
text:yes and the difference from 401k	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds
text:no	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there any specific type of product on your mind
text:products related to the animal planet program	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal
text:yes id like to know more about the specific health problems that can arise from asbestos exposure	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know internet phone service providers
text:yes	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a map of hotels
text:yes id like to see a map of the hotels in long island	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know about any specific acts
text:yes the act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what part of unc do you want info on
text:all the different campus locations	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want the history of the civil right movement
text:yes specifically the timeline	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:no	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know how to become one
text:no i would like to support them	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:i just need general informatoin on tourist activities in barbados	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to learn how to make furniture
text:no	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you plan to sign up for coverage online
text:im not sure	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know how old ron howard is
text:no id like to learn what tv shows he was in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i am looking for translation	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:no i want to know the homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs
text:no i am trying to figure out what treatments are available for lymphoma in dogs	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to find films that ron howard directed
text:no i want to know about his family	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor
text:no director	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you interested in any specific rules
text:yes what are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what salary range are you looking for
text:i would like to go to the homepage for the connecticut department of labor	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need any specific information about sat grades
text:no i am looking for the authors of the sat	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a hotel i singapore
text:no i would like to know who to get info for the raffles hotel in dubai	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos
text:no all types should be included	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:what sport are you interested in
text:i am interested in college basketball and football scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard
text:maybe i want to know what movies he has directed in his life though	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for the age of rick warren
text:no i want to read about the presidential debate he rick warren hosted in 2007	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic
text:no	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want a list of their songs
text:yes	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking
text:no i want information about quitting smoking cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worms in dogs
text:no i want to know about computer worms	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery
text:yes i do	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know how much dnr costs
text:no i want to know how to get one	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:can you read sewing patterns
text:no i cannot yet as i am a beginner	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no i want infromation about volleyball tournmants sponsored by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you trying to find videos about the music man
text:yes but i only want videos with songs	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:no the hospital center in new york	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:this is unrelated	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like information on a particular band member
text:i would like a general history of the beatles	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know what is considered a good score
text:yes and how else the test is used in rehab	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in what the the company imclone does
text:no i want to hear opinions about the insider trading case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas
text:a list of those animals would be great	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no i am looking for bellevue hospital center in new york city	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:do you want to move to dutchess county
text:no i would just like information on the tourism home page	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:no	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what location would you like to search for dogs in
text:im looking for a humane society near me	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale
text:yes i want to see the gs pay scale	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate
text:no i just need information about applying to become a student there	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worms in dogs
text:no i want to know about computer worms instead	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for continental plate boundaries
text:i want to know more about the continental drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you interested in the human services department
text:no i just need the homepage of county medical services program sonoma california	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:yes and background information	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:
text:	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know of any bobcats for sale
text:no i would just like to find attachments for a bobcat tractor	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how much do you need to lower your heart rate
text:im not sure	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means
text:yes	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know what figs taste like
text:yes what do they taste like	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you having trouble quitting somking
text:i want to know how hypnosis helps people to quit smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see alternative retirement accounts
text:no i would like to know the diference between the two of them	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want an espn sports schedule
text:no i am interested in baseball scored and upcoming live games	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:
text:	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you interested in any specific rules
text:no i would like to see all the rules concerning a 403b retrement plan	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like to book a new york hotel
text:yes i want to book a hotel in times square in new york city	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know the location of the last supper painting
text:no i want to know its significance	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden
text:yes please show me the reviews for the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in getting a quote for coverage
text:right now i just want to know which companies offer it	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images
text:yes i would like to see more about them	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors
text:yes preferably on automobile doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:where in pocono are you interested in
text:pocono mountains	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is
text:yes i do	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for companies to build a fence for you
text:no i want information on the building process	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs
text:pictures preferably ones that can be used for a coloring book	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no i want herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:yes i want the homepage of the porterville reporter newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a paralegal internship
text:maybe but can you just tell me ehat their general duties are	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want to find some resoutces
text:yes if they can tell me how to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you know someone named rick warren
text:probably not but i cant say for sure	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut
text:no i want to find sites where i can a job there	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found
text:yes give me all the information you have on bobcats	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you interested in the music man
text:yes i am interested in the music mans song lyrics	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:i just need more information on low carbohydrate diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:are you looking for all the ingredients for chicken soup
text:yes i want to know what ingredients are needed for chicken soup	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for any specific lyrics
text:yes im looking for lyrics for mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning
text:no i just want videos and pictures of tornadoes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college
text:no i need to find the homepage for the athletic department at mitchell college	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe
text:no im looking for premature ventricular contraction treatments	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources
text:no i need to know how it differs from a 401k	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:yes a kohler wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what are you using the design for
text:i am using it for my website	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 adventure games
text:no am looking for playstation 2 cheat codes	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for bedroom furniture
text:no i would like to know how furniture arrangement can create an illusion of more space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need information about a volvo dealership
text:yes	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like to read reviews about michworks
text:im looking for job search resources in michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you wnat sports scores
text:no i am looking for standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for reviews related to it
text:no i need information on product recalls	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age
text:no im looking for opinions regarding martha stewarts insider trading case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to listen to songs from the music man
text:no i am looking for the script	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to go to a djs website
text:i want to know about available jobs	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for step by step instructions on how to do this
text:yes i would like step by step instructions	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:i need general information	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you trying to determine how well you did
text:no i want to know what the sit and reach test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need any specific information about pnl
text:yes im looking for information pertaining to careers at pnl	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:is there a specific internet company you need information on
text:no i want to know about which one is the best	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to know about the tennessee titans
text:show me the homepage of the tennessee titans	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes the home page of the american military university would be nice	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters education
text:no i want to know the elected offices that he held	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer
text:yes and i want to know other dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:no	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you searching for a specific airport
text:no i want baggage check information	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:how do you intend to use hp mini 2140
text:i want information on the specs	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know who painted the last supper painting
text:no i wish to find a photo of it	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you interested in going to south africa
text:no i am interested in the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel
text:no reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you interested in specific old coins
text:no	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:no im looking for general information about ocd and how to identify it in children	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals
text:i want informationo on septic system maintenance that is required depending on the design of the system	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i am looking for directions	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no i am looking for information on belleview hospital center in new york ny	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it
text:no what are the different types of long term care insurance policies	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat
text:i dont know i want to know the symptoms of heat stroke and other heatrelated illnesses in dogs	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro
text:i want to see any recal notices	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission
text:i need a site with arizona fishing reports	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to see penguins of madagascar
text:no just wildlife penguins	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:yes i do	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin
text:i would like to cook my pork tenderloin in a crockpot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:ae you looking for examples of septic system design
text:i need to know what mainenance is required for septic systems	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes i want the colleges homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:no i want to see the homepage of grilling magazine	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:yes but more specifically i am wondering if any internet providers still sell dialup	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself
text:no i want to know the cheapest web hosting companies or those that offer free web hosting	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:would remedies using honey be what you are looking for
text:remedies for soothing a sore throat	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes
text:yes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix
text:no please locate homepages of faculty members of the university of phoenix	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you need instructions for cooking rice
text:yes i am looking for rice recipes	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a certain philosohper
text:no im looking for quotes from shakespeares plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:in what country is the secret garden located
text:im not sure i want the book though	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for the history of classical music
text:i need the information of the history and development of music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:no i am looking for stelitte internet service	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you wish to order online directly
text:no i want a physical store	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo
text:no what casinos are located in kansas city missouri	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:exercises for forearm pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about a specific espn sports program
text:no i want the scores of games for college football and basketball	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in visiting a secret garden
text:no please find reviews of the book the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking to take a class about diabetes
text:no i just want the website for the nih national diabetes education program	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:i do not know i need information about tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know the name of the source
text:no i just need information on the feud between speke and burton	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:which city in arkansas are you interested in
text:i would like a map of the state of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english
text:no can you just give me baseball scores and tell me about upcoming live broadcast games	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr
text:not yet i just want to know what it means	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:
text:	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for specific program information
text:no just the front page	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the email client
text:i would like to know the process of getting to yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:
text:	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewser famous for
text:i dont know	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to malignant lipolysis
text:no i am referring to lipomas lumps of fatty tissue between skin and muscle	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law
text:no i would like to know how to calculate the amount of my child support obligation in indiana	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:do you want to know why the food pyramid was created
text:i am searching for the usda food pyramid and a description	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine
text:yes but for teaching it to children	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for how to use mgb
text:no	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:what growing climate do you live in
text:i am looking for vines that can be grown in shaded areas	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see music stores in your area
text:yes if they have used trombones	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol
text:ok but i need to know how are the vldl levels determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like help searching for work in michigan
text:yes	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:
text:	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:do you want to know what middle name is the most common for presidents
text:no i would just like a list of all the presidents full names	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:what activities in dutchess county were you interested in
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no im looking to buy a kohler toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:
text:	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to find online tv streaming services
text:yes and the costs	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want to find a restaurant or store here
text:no i am looking for colleges	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:who is ralph owen brewster
text:i am not sure so i want to know	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas
text:no i want pictures of the tumor itself	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you interested in the history of air travel
text:no i am looking for travel tips given by tsa	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade
text:no	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what price range are you looking for
text:i dont have a price range i just want general information and courses and web design sites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt dogs for free
text:no i need the humane society homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:do you want to know more about the the curriculum
text:no just take me to their hompage	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you interested in any specific events here
text:i dont know but i want to know how to buy tickets for the state fairgrounds in general	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles tv series
text:are there any open car raffels currently	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:are you looking for frank lloyd wrights family tree
text:no show me biographical info	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like information on the university of north carolina unc
text:yes specifically id like to know which campuses are part of the university of north carolina	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how hot the sun is
text:no this is about the sun newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:yes i want to read about its history	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for ways to watch er
text:no im looking for music on the show er	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:
text:	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need any specific information on health insurance
text:yes low income health insurance in sonoma county ca	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:no i only need the description of the barbados national flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:yes american standard toilets	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:no i need information about bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you referring to the machine or person
text:machine	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl
text:i dont know	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking to purchase or repair a unit
text:no im looking for reviews on the them	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers
text:yes specifically i would like to see revies on elliptical trainers for home use	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary
text:no i would like to know the requirements to bury someone there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed
text:no i am looking for a list of small or toy breeds of dogs	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for details about disneyland hotels
text:i am looking for discounts at disneyland hotels	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account
text:i want to know who is eligible	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know about south african food
text:no	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:i need information about companies that manufacture bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:
text:	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018
text:i wuold like informaton about the clubs thathost the shows	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no i want caloriecounting tips and charts	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to learn about the law
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the address
text:no i want to know hod do i reserve a seat at the orange county convention center	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal
text:maybe but for now just take me to the homepage of their association	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know other related tests
text:no only about the sit and reach test	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know when the civil rights movement began
text:no i want to know about the civil rights act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:symptoms cure help and medication needs for ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the script for the music man
text:no im looking for current performances	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you looking for information on the cherokee tribe
text:if they lived in alabama at one time	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you interested in an online site for diabetes
text:yes	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to go to arkansas
text:i would like to know info on schools and colleges in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:are you interested in how lead acid batteries are recycled
text:yes	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company
text:no i am interested in various opinions regarding the insider trading case against martha stewart	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:no the movie franchise alien versus predator	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want stores selling elliptical trainer
text:i want to find a discounted or used elliptical trainer	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:i would like to take a practice exam	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to buy it online
text:no	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:no im referring to avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:how soon is this needed
text:i dont know	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to sell used car parts
text:no	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology book
text:no	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want espn sports corporate information
text:no i want information on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos
text:yes exactly	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:in las vegass	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:im looking for what services are provided at the mayo clinic in jacksonville	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like a list of new york hotels
text:only on long island	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no i want to find dealers in irons for clothing	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in visiting kansas city
text:yes and id like to see some hotels near the kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need to find out about airport weather delays
text:no	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:where are you looking to mount the antenna
text:i need to know where to mount it	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:shall i open discovery channel store homepage
text:yes please	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you trying to find a contractor
text:yes i looking for contractors	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property
text:investment	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:do you want to know what causes mad cow disease
text:in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:would you like videos about floods associated with hurricane irene
text:no i want to know more about the flooding in manville nj from hurricane irene	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview
text:i wiuld like ti know how to end my interview	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes and also the risk factors too	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you needing store information
text:yes for the discovery channel store	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:no i am referring to bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm
text:yes along with other general information	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want his biography
text:no thats not what im looking for related to neil young	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:do you have a specific state in mind to search for mushrooms
text:no i do not have a specific state	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:is there a certain genre of music you prefer
text:i dont care what the genre is as long as it has mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:no i just need general knowledge of the symptoms of forearm tendonitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific titan
text:yes i am specifically interested in saturns moon	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to read about dj employment
text:yes i want to know how to become a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for a car raffles in your area
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat
text:no i want the homepage for the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking to purchase an mgb
text:maybe i want more information about the mgb sports car	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what brand of cell phones are you interested in
text:i dont know i want to find information about buying unlocked phones	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140
text:no i want the technical specifications	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a deadliest catch product
text:yes i am looking for products but not from deadliest catch	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want wording of child support laws
text:no	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:yes i want the homepage of the conneticut department of labor	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering how other people have quit smoking
text:yes i m wondering how other people had quit smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you using this around the yard
text:yes	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to purchase one or rent it
text:just looking for the homepage right now	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a map
text:no im interested in events taking place at the orange county convention center	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut
text:yes i need some websites for jobs	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes the hompage for titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born
text:no i want to know his relationship with howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need recommendations for djs
text:no i am looking for jobs as a dj	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan
text:no i want information about its history government religion and culture	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to buy a hp mini 2140
text:no i want to know the technical specifications of the hp mini 2140 notebood computer	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:i am looking for information on becoming a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed
text:no just show me pictures	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:
text:	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific hotel you are looking for
text:no hotel in particular	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat
text:no i know what i need just looking for where to get it	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried
text:no i want to grow figs	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:
text:	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company
text:i need the bobcat company homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers
text:no i want to know how many hip fractures occur on an annual basis	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate
text:no	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for a map of afghanistan
text:yes and any other informatio about their history culture government and religion	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no any website with volvo parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i need to know how to fix a broken toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men
text:both i think	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know the climate figs are found in
text:no just the number and variety of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for legal forms
text:yes i am looking for tax forms and information about filing	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe
text:anytype is fine	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon
text:yes i want to see trombones for sale	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to obtain used car parts
text:yes but i want to know carparts official website first	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to rent or buy a condo
text:i want to buy a condo	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:
text:	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents
text:no	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car
text:no i want to know about my sliding glass door at home	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to find retirement financial advisors
text:no i want to know who is eligible for a 403b plan	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:no i want to know about volleyball tournaments sponsored by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in hallmark visitors center
text:no i need the kansas city chiefs homepage	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth life cycle
text:no im not	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:the history of flame design
text:i just need to see some pictures of flames and fire	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i wan to find satellite television providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which part of volvo are you interested in
text:i want to find the homepage of volvo	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you interested in scooter laws
text:no id like to know what brands of scooters are available	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to see charts about vldl levels
text:no	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:no i want to find out the differences between gre and gmat	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the tangible personal property tax
text:yes i need the states	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for similar artists to neil young
text:no	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot
text:no i am interested in the prices	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:not completely free but for as little money as possible	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them
text:no not on how to prepare them just how they grow them	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college
text:yes i would like to find the admission procedures at mitchell college	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map
text:no i want information	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure
text:yes specifically the health problems that arise	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have high blood pressure
text:i need to know how to lower my heart rate	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you want a jax chemical company coupon
text:no	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:i would like to know more on quick and safe diet receipts	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:do you want to know how to hide your history from others
text:no where do i find the browsing history on my computer	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:no i want to know common phrases please	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer
text:im looking for junksalvage yards near me	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you know anything about the law
text:i want to know what training is necessary to become a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a dealer in a specific location
text:no i just need an online source that can ship to me	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the insane person across the street
text:no i am looking for yahoo finance not information about the person across the street	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i am looking for information on where to file my federal income tax return	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:no i want to know more about how parents deal with their children having ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for a car raffles in your area
text:no i want information about the raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:
text:	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where figs grow
text:no not really	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know where their headquarters is located
text:no im looking for a web site	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:no	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:no just any home remedy will do	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor
text:no im looking to read about an event for which warren served as moderator	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a specific place here
text:yes colleges and postsecondary institutions	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:do you want the generic types or name brand
text:which drugs are commonly used for it	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:
text:	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner
text:i just want to go to the homepage of the humane society	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes i need information on the progress of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari 2600
text:yes	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:no i am looking for the president of the united states at this time	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in playing online games
text:yes im especially insterested in new atari games	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there a specific representative that you need contact information for
text:no i want to find the home page of the pacific northwest national library	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal
text:no i want to know what the qualifcations are to become a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in dinosaur toys
text:no i want photos of different dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters
text:no id like to see reviews of them	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know about the source of the video game
text:no	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for
text:any	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no i am not i want to see satellite maos and geographic images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in a specific type of penguin
text:no i want pictures of the penguin characters from the movie madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:
text:	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park
text:yes	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:yes for a gas grill	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to purchase one or rent it
text:purchase one	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in indiana child support
text:yes	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific titan
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you referring to the nile river
text:yes the nile river and its basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which part of volvo are you interested in
text:i am interested in the car volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:no i would like to know where i can buy iron supplements online	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the address
text:no i am interested on the schedules or events taking place at the orange county convention center	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education
text:no i am only looking for educational materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:what would you like to know about his family
text:who are his direct family members	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on the speeds available in your area
text:no i want to know about the cost of phone service	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:how experienced are you at sewing
text:i am looking up instructions for sewing machines so not very experienced	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you looking for a garden in you area
text:no i need movies and tv shows depicting the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to find a book
text:no i want to know the services they offer	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:yes i would like sample test for gmat exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high
text:this is irrelevent to my search	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:what information about east ridge high school are you looking for
text:i want to go to the high schoo	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department
text:yes	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:
text:	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoos twitter feed
text:no i need to access the yahoo finance page	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to titan the moon of saturn
text:no i am looking for information on the titan brand of motorcyles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to sell furniture
text:i want information on mirrored surfaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to see penguins of madagascar
text:no can you just give me an overview of information about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you interested in any specific events here
text:no i need a map for the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i want to know all of the medical services that ae available	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you looking for recipes with figs
text:i was hoping to see nutritional facts and health benefits of figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery
text:no im looking for mgb car fan pages	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:
text:	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you looking for netflix
text:i would like the price of netflix and other tv program sites	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:what brand of gps device are you looking for
text:no just give me reviews of incar unit gos systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:would you like to hear about treatments
text:no tell me about the signs and symptoms	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want information on the tax board
text:yes i need contact information	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:how many bedrooms do you want
text:no	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:do you want to know more about one of the seven deadly sins
text:no i want to know what all of the seven deadly sins are	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no i want to know what common phrases in the korean language are	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:i would like to know some strategies to help parents of children with ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:
text:	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area
text:no how likely is a volcanic eruption at yellowstone	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in a specific part of a home
text:no	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles college of design
text:no i would like information about sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:do you want to know how many gps satellites are active
text:no i want reviews of car gps systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email
text:no	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product
text:no	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know how much dnr costs
text:i need to know what i have to do to get a hunting license from the michigan dnr online	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:yes what forearm supports and braces can ease the pain	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about
text:i need to know the different types of games that are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a philosophy book
text:no the hanlet soliloquy	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone
text:yes	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:do you mean the traditional ones or the seven deadly sins of something else
text:i mean the traditional seven deadly sins	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes the specials and discount page	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:are you concerned about other people seeing your history
text:no i want to know how to find my browsing history	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:no i need crash diet plans	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:is your search referring to a condition of the neck
text:i dont know	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like help searching for work in michigan
text:yes i am looking for job seeking information for michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan
text:yes	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol
text:sort of i want to know what slows down heart ratea	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:no i would like to know about the town of bellevue in washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like information on arizona wildlife
text:yes as it pertains to hunting and fishing in the stae	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is someone you know experiencing a heart attack
text:no i am wondering if inidcations of heart attacks differ between men and women	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:were you looking for the causes of hip fractures
text:i dont know if i am looking for the cause of hip fractures i am looking for general information	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know where to buy vines for shade
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you trying to login to the boards website
text:no	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education
text:no id rather see the american association of diabetes educators homepage please	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden
text:i want to know what kind of wood i should use to build a raised garden	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in any specific city in florida
text:no im interested in finding condos that are on sale in florida specifically ones near the beach	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you need any specific information on obama inauguration
text:no i need the homepage for the rick warren book called the purpose driven life	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need contact information
text:no i would like to know what type of surface treatment products jax chemical company manufactures	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:yes i would like to know the different types of toilets that exist and their differences	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:i just want a reasonable way to lose weight	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which part of the river are you more interested in
text:im interested in seeing a map of the entire nile river basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life
text:yes	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes i am looking for rick warrens homepage	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like a book about sewing
text:no i am looking for websites	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:
text:	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:while i am seeking medical information regarding forearm pain its not regarding medical treatment	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance
text:yes	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know how to perform this test
text:yes i do	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:no	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for the definition to lipoma
text:no i am looking for treatments for malignant lipolysis	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:i want to know which companies make bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for ct jobs in your area
text:yes i want to find out what kinds of regular jobs there are in conneticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about
text:none im talking about bobcat tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:using needle and thread or a sewing machine
text:i dont know	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know major landmark dates
text:no i want to learn about maya angelous poetry	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale
text:i am interested on the federal government	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:no i am looking for info on president barack obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview
text:yes please show me examples of them	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:
text:	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for attractions near porterville
text:no i need information on the panthers sports teams porterville high school in california	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know more about sliding glass doors
text:i would like information on windows and doors weather strips	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:
text:	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:what type of instructions are you looking for
text:i am looking for instructions on how to tie a windsor knot	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you looking for evidence of the current accepted theory of evolution
text:yes	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom
text:no i just need some home remedies for a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like to read some of frank lloyd wrights writings
text:yes writings about his personal life	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are there specific jobs you are looking for
text:no i am filing for unemployment in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like information on this years keyboards
text:yes reviews please	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:would you like to see the final electoral college results or the entire process
text:just the final results	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling
text:no i am interested in walkers involvement in political and social issues not hair styling	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history figures
text:no i am looking for names of famous african american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need direction to your new york hotel
text:no i need to know where the hotels are located in long island ny	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what colors do you want to use
text:i dont need colors but i do need stencils for flame designs	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er actors
text:no i want the soundtrack used on the episodes	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores
text:no i want to know about the titan thats a moon of saturn	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering where to find moths
text:no	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do yo want to know about keyboards internationally
text:no i want to see user reviews of different computer keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man
text:no i want to know current performance details	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows
text:no i need the locations and dates of them	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:no i am interested in that as well as other facts about iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you
text:yes if they sell kenmore gas water heaters	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:do you want to know how long the hawaiian volcano observatories has been monitoring kilauea
text:yes the history of it	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:
text:	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:would you like to know about inventions related to music
text:no i want to know who invented rock and roll music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be a tall fence or short fence
text:i would like general information about building chainlink fences	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:no im looking for the anatomy of the forearm	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in penguin vape
text:no i want website for the hockey team pittsburg penguins that sells their jerseys	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:are you looking for what they are producing the most
text:what are they most known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know where it is located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:do you want to know the middle name for a specific president of the united states
text:no i want to know see a list of all the names of presidents of the united states	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri
text:no i want to know about the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you have map apps on your phone
text:i need the homepage for this app	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on what jax chemical company produces
text:no i would like the contact information for the company	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol
text:id like to visit the tennessee highway patrols homepage	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to a specific vehicle
text:no i am looking for information on titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan
text:no i want to see maps of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you referring to the movie
text:no i want to know which artists made songs about mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like directions to the nearest parts store
text:no show me the website for carpartcom	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in building a home
text:no i am interested in getting information of the wall at the vietnam veterans memorial in washington dc	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in a calculator for child support payments
text:no i want to know the actual laws related to child support in indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for a way to make this into a neck tie
text:yes i want to know how to tie a windsor knot when wearing a necktie	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the basics of septic system design
text:yes i would like to know the basic design and hot it relates to necessary maintenance for septic systems	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to know more about pocono raceway
text:yes i would like information on the raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a specific mothers day song
text:no but i am looking for lyrics of songs for mothers day	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax
text:no i just want to know what is tangible personal property tax	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in purchasing it online
text:no i am interested in which retail stores sell them	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the internet browser
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer
text:who i can contact if i am being discriminated by an equal opportunity employer	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to buy a scooter
text:i need the homepage of hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in
text:i am not interested in the film but i want to know about the broadway musical adaptation of the secret garden	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe
text:no i want to know what the pvc pipe is made of	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like a list of the best biographies for frank lloyd wright
text:no i just want the bio for frank lloyd wright	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you need 403b calculator
text:no i am looking for the 403b plan	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology course
text:no im not	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:yea for tournaments in atlantic city	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat
text:no i want to learn about symptoms relating to heat stroke in dogs	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:no i am interested in the sat test	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for patches
text:no i want to know if i can quit cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:should there be anything else besides the flames
text:no only flames and fires	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have
text:i want the webpage for the yellowstone vaocano observatory	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary
text:the history of it	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you interested in remembrance songs
text:no i want to know who has mothers day songs	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know about any specific acts
text:no id like a timeline of the era	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil
text:no am interested in maintenance for septic systems	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal
text:no i need to know the abaapproved certificate programs	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in dinosaur toys
text:no i am interested in pictures of dinosaurs and games on the web site	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history
text:yes i would like to know what elected offices he held	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:what would you like to schedule for saturday
text:no i want information in the sats	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you traveling
text:i would like to go to the google maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino
text:no i would like to see a list of jobs that are available at the french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:are you looking for the magazine the current
text:yes the homepage for it	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in child support resources
text:i am interested in child support in indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what kind of pictures are you looking for
text:im looking for flame designs	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what are you using the design for
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:is this for mobility or fun
text:this is for fun	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for any specific lyrics
text:no artists who have recorded songs for mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to attend the indiana state fair
text:yes i need directions to the fairgrounds	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:no i want to know of good home remedis to help with elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er episodes
text:with summaries	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the computer part
text:no i need the homepage for titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:what state is mitchell college in
text:i dont know but can you find it and tell me what i have to do to enroll there	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn
text:no i am looking for the one in chattanooga tennessee	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game
text:this is not related to my search	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you needing store information
text:yes i am looking for the discovery channel store online	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points
text:just information on it	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies
text:i would like to find the pay schedules for government agencies	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews
text:yes i want to read reviews on keyboards and electronic pianos	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you a dj
text:no im looking to become one	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos
text:yes along with any other dangers	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve
text:lower heart rate	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for jobs in richland
text:no	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car
text:no i just need the locations of the nearest junk yards	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to know different types of it
text:no i want to know about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to find retirement financial advisors
text:as long as they can tell me about the rules of the 403b retirement plan	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on what jax chemical company produces
text:no	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:no i am looking for their address	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want black and white or colored designs
text:both	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about a specific espn sports program
text:yes i want information about baseball	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a dealer in a specific location
text:yes looking for dealer to buy product	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr
text:no i would like regulations information from the maryland department of natural resources regarding deer hunting	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for reviews of hotels
text:i need hotels in long island	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you looking to purchase old or collector coins
text:yes i want to know how to start collecting them	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you interested in crafts or worksheets
text:i am interested in all actives that kids can do to celebrate earth day	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you seaching for east ridge high school community education
text:no i need to know about the sports program	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:are there any prep classes	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in visiting kansas city
text:yes	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:looking for a forum or helppage for people with kids that have ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in treatments for hip fractures
text:no	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan
text:yes specifically michworks	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:i dont know just give me some general recommendations for now	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting information about west point
text:no i want to find out the registration requirements for american military university	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for pictures of the mgb
text:yes and information	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you need traveling assistance or direction
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:
text:	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:no i just want the website for grilling magazine	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know what is in a credit report
text:i already know	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to malignant lipolysis
text:yes i need to know what the treatments are	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you interested in schools in poterville
text:yes specifically sports teams at their high school	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university
text:i am interested in what is required to register at the american military university	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school
text:no i want to know what the demographics are for east ridge highin lick creekkentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to know the status of your return
text:no i want to know where i can fill out my tax return online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know why dogs heat up
text:no	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a special news
text:i want to see the homepage of the baltimore sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for treatment options
text:i am looking to find some symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:how far back do you want to learn about black history
text:from the 18th century forwards	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:would you like to know how many there are
text:no i want to find the homepage for supporters of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school activities
text:yes the sports programs	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels
text:yes what are natural ways to reduce cholesterol levels	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho
text:no thats not what im looking for	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like directions to the nearest parts store
text:no i want an online store	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:
text:	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself
text:a site that allows for me to do it myslef	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:no i want to know about counting calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:is there one in particular you are interested in
text:im interested in the entire list	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know how an indexed annuity works
text:no i want to know where i can buy one	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home
text:no i would like to go to the homepage of the containers store wesbite	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds
text:yes	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for signs to expect
text:no i want to learn all there is to know about tornados and just what causes them	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:no just show me what their flag looks like	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about
text:i want to know which model of wilson antenna is best for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo
text:no i am looking for examples of tourist attractions in kansas city missouri	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no i am interested in which companies offer cheap internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:i need to go to his web site	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm
text:yes thats what i want	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement
text:yes but i also really need a timeline	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting
text:no i would like tickets to view the last supper painting i already know where i can view it	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report
text:yes mine	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:yes and any other information relevant to bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:no i want information about avon products company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs
text:pictures	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the penguins of madagascar
text:i am interested in penguins from everywhere	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:what im looking for is companies that offer classes to prep for the gmat	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:no i want instructions for grilling chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to apply for a job here
text:no	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale
text:no i want to see the pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol
text:no please just tell me their general responsibilities	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want the history of fickle creek farm
text:no i need information about its bed and breakfast	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:would you like to know which celebrity makes the biggest average charitable donation
text:no i am interested in the the average donation by typical americans in the usa	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need any specific information for controlling moths
text:no i want pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you interested in pet health supplies
text:no i am looking for info about a dogs heat cycle	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a map of kansas city mo
text:no i need the website of the professional football tean the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:
text:	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what country volvo is located
text:no i would like reviews of the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:
text:	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds
text:i dont know	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor
text:no i want to read about the rick warren controversy relating to the obama inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for product recalls
text:no i need to know about the different skeet shooting games that are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for car navigators
text:i need reviews of digital cameras with gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:yes the humane society	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in where penguins live
text:yes and other general information	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer
text:not really i just want to find a used one for sale	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want the history of porterville
text:no i want information about midical care in the city	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick
text:no i am looking for general information	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history
text:yes i would like to have this information	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:no id like to know if internet access is available without phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments
text:no i want to know what could cause a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you want dietary recommendations
text:yes i would also like other relevant information	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:where are you looking to mount the antenna
text:i am not interested in that topic	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no i want avps homepage	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan
text:no i want to know what a 403b plan is	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate
text:i dont know	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show
text:no find summaries of episodes of the show er	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:no i need a list of past presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet
text:no	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park
text:no i just want the website for their observatory	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo
text:no tourist attractions	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you interested in learning about arkansas
text:no i am interested in learning about little rock arkansas	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car
text:yes	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i want a list of retail stores that sell kohlerbranded wallhung toilets	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:did you want the middle name of a particular president
text:no im looking for a general list of all the presidents full names	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup
text:no right now i just need to go to the nih national diabetes education program homepage	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of the les miserables tv series
text:i would love reviews of the movie	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points
text:no i am interested in filling out the customer satifaction survery regarding my encounter with a patrol state tropper on a tennessee highway	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to see all listings for casinos in french lick
text:no i need to know the available jobs at french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo
text:no i need info on the visitors center	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know how to create a raised garden
text:yes	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:i need examples of lowcost internet providers	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map of your local area
text:i want the maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:
text:	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:
text:	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:yes i would like to take a prep class	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:no i am needing a koreanenglsh bilingual dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you have any dependents on your record
text:i dont know	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed
text:yes	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game
text:no i want to know what albums they released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer
text:i would like to know the price	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what would you like to know about rock and gem shows
text:where they are located and when they are going to be held	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot
text:no	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games
text:no i am looking for places where i can find cheat codes for playstation 2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need any specific information about sat grades
text:no i want to know how to register for the sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to buy it online
text:no	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to titan the moon of saturn
text:yes find information about it please	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for beginners
text:no tell me a place i can sell one	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:are you interested in the current fm channel
text:no i need the homeage of san antonios curent magazine	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes websites that sell napa parts	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax online
text:yes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:are you looking for tourist attractions in madagascar
text:yes and id like to know what it is known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about a specific espn sports program
text:no	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:would you like low rated reviews
text:i would like all of the reviews	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:im just looking for recipes now not to buy a cookbook	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely
text:no i want to know which tornadoes have caused the most deaths	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:
text:	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in pvc pipe
text:yes what material is it made of	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black celebrities
text:no what interesting children activities are there for black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you seeing if rick warren is still alive
text:no i want to to learn more about rick warrens life	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need information on how to ride the bart
text:yes	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to know the meaning of the song i will survive
text:no i want to know the lyrics	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:which part of connecticut are you interested in
text:none i want the homepage for the department of labor in connecticut	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interesting in a certain countrys black history
text:yes a timeline of the united state of americas black history	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the events going on here
text:no i want to find hotels near the orange county convention center	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i want to find translation services for the korean language	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:would you like to know about inventions related to music
text:only related to classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on jax chemical company
text:yes i need their homepage	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to watch the music man film
text:no i am looking for the script of the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to how to adopt a dog
text:maybe but i want to see the homepage of the humane society right now	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence
text:no i want to know more about deer hunting regulations in maryland	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want a list of their songs
text:no i would like to learn about their background and past	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what project do you want to use the pvc for
text:no i want information on what pvc is made of	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:which internet phone service providers are you interested in
text:i am interested in any free one	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you using this around the yard
text:maybe what are the best materials for buiding fences	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er episodes
text:no im looking for music or soundtracks from the show er	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington
text:yes i would like to know locations and dates of rock and gem shows	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports personalities
text:no i want the scores for college football and basketball games	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in gaming keyboards
text:no im interested in reviews for electronic pianos and keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking
text:i want to know if its okay to quit smoking cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in indiana child support
text:i want to view the legal rules and procedures for child support in indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking
text:no i just want to know how they are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics
text:no im looking for general early signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:no i just want information on bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:are you putting the ivy on a trellis
text:maybe can you tell me how	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like written instructions or a video
text:either one would be fine	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:
text:	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:
text:	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140
text:no i want to see retailers and price information	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:
text:	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no find me satellite maps and images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what are your requirments
text:im not sure	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions
text:the broadway musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:are they poisonous
text:im not interested in this topic	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want the history of porterville
text:no i want to know what colleges or postsecondary institutions are located there	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to know where george bush sr went to school
text:yes and i need more biographical information	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies
text:yes i am looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in the medical term dnr
text:no	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia
text:no i am looking for medicines to treat fybromyalgia	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am lloking for hotels	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need info on remedies
text:no i need information on how many occur every year in the us	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for more information about mgb
text:yes	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you seaching for east ridge high school community education
text:yes i am	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:which counties law would you like clarification on
text:indiana in general	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia
text:no tell me about fybromyalgia medicines	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are
text:no i am looking for pictures of designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in learning the history of the beatles
text:no just give me their names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you need 403b calculator
text:no	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:yes information on bellevue hospital new york ny	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would any specific game interest you
text:i want episodes from the anime for inuyasha	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:would you like historic information
text:no i want to know about how tornadoes are forecast	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:there are some cool deals available shall i show them
text:i just want to know about brands for now	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you want a jax chemical company coupon
text:no just their contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics
text:no just in general	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:yes	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:can you show me information about the avon products company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:do you need information about cell phone plans
text:just the ones that offer motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:are you planning to run or exercise
text:neither i just want to know what the resting normal heart rate is	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:what wiki site are you interested in
text:i would like a general information site about wikis	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:which part of the body are you interested in
text:none im interested in mad cow disease symptoms in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna
text:no i am looking for reviews from previous users of wilson anteannas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials
text:not directly although the answer im looking for might include such recommendations	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:no thanks i already know how	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer
text:i am not sure	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about a specific espn sports program
text:yes i want information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know the name of the source
text:no i want a map	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you on a road trip
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is this an emergency
text:i dont know	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know more about ron howards directing career
text:yes	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a map of hotels
text:looking for cheap inexpensive hotels	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth life cycle
text:pictures of different moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:yes what information on forearm tendinitis can you give me	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil
text:no im looking for alternative designs	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to see images of the idaho state flower
text:sure but i specifically want you to identify it for me	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game genres are you interested in
text:im interested in cheat codes for playstation 2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:should there be anything else besides the flames
text:no just the flames will do	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the music from inuyasha
text:no im interested in inuyasha video games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know more about growing figs
text:no i would like to know about varities of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no i want to know about the history of hangul	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines
text:no	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in music streaming
text:i want to find a history of classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat
text:yes that would be great	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha
text:no im looking for the music	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to learn more about the show titans
text:best place to buy titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:yes i am referring to bellvue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like to email the va dmv registration
text:i need va dmv locations and hours	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need details on where jax chemical company is
text:no i need their contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles
text:no im interested in albums from the beetles	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in visiting a secret garden
text:no i am looking for reviews of different the secret garden tv and movie adaptations	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro
text:no i am looking for retailers who sell the bowflex power pro	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:no just dieting	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you at risk for having a heart attack
text:i dont know im trying to find out the symptoms of a heart attack	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic
text:yes and housing information	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in the history of the pcoconos
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:no i need the webpage for avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard
text:no	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:are you looking for the difference between insect bites and spider bites
text:yes show me the differences	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking for a specific price range
text:no just find all the beach front condos for sale in florida	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you need traveling assistance or direction
text:no i need the google maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for septic system design software
text:no i want an explanation for how a septic system works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:
text:	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information
text:that is part of it just give me information about her inside trading case in general	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to know the price to hire a dj
text:i want one for a wedding	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth
text:no i want pictures of raised garden beds	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140
text:no need to know where to buy and how much	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about
text:no i just want to see the barack obamas family tree photo essay on time magazine	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the specific company
text:yes the company pnl and its career opportunities	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you trying to login to the boards website
text:no i want information about the board	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:
text:	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in history in the united states
text:no	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to see a list of atari games
text:no i am looking for a site where i can play the games	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors
text:yes i would like information on how to install weather strips on doors	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a specific place here
text:the porterville high school	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region
text:yes	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you interested in the full name of the current president of the united states
text:im interested in the full name of all of the us presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need repair information
text:no i just want a dealer nearby	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to sell old coins
text:yes after they increase in value	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a cough as well
text:no i just want information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no i need to know how to fix a toilet that isnt working properly	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:yes about supports and braces for the forearm	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you suffering pain in one of your joints
text:no i just want to know about joints in general	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:either one would be good as long as it is about grilling chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in where they grow
text:no i am also interested in general information about state flower tree bird etc	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you need treatment information for lipoma
text:no	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo
text:yes	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the cost
text:no am looking a septic system contractor	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the nbc television show
text:no i want to visit site with virtual tours or databases of the names inscribed on the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:
text:	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know about obamas ancestors
text:yes this is what am looking for	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history
text:yes	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone
text:yes im looking for a motorola phone	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you asking about the evolution of plants or animals
text:both	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game genres are you interested in
text:the most popular ones	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting
text:no i want pricing	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the nbc television show
text:no the movie	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy a book about this topic
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know what is in a credit report
text:no i need contact information	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:there are some cool deals available shall i show them
text:no thank you im trying to get to hoverounds main page	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to know about the tennessee titans
text:no i want titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you wish to do an entity search
text:yes if it reveals the contact information for the california ftb	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no i need to know about the different types of toilets	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:no i am looking for more specific information	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for sarah breedlove
text:no i would like information on cj walker	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like information on yelp
text:i am looking for information about the location services and facilities the arkadelphia health club provides	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:which part of neil youngs life are you interested in
text:im interested in seeing his tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles
text:yes i want this information	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need any specific information about pnl
text:yes about which research projects do pnl perform	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:for what route are you seeking information
text:no	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you owe child support in indiana
text:yes	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for homeopathic remedies for a sore throat
text:yes i am thank you	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:
text:	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:no im looking for food sources that contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance
text:yes	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dogs are you looking for
text:not sure	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in musical notes and their origins
text:no	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:no i just need their contact information	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:i only want information on the university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:is unc the name of a game
text:no	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club
text:yes i want locations and services provided	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers
text:no im looking for information on their laypersons order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to buy a hp mini 2140
text:i may be interested in buying an hp mini 2140 once i have more information like retailers and price	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4
text:no only on playstation 2 console	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for living room furniture
text:no	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want a list of their songs
text:no i just need a list of their names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know who carries this product
text:yes	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to recycle used car parts
text:no i want a website htat sells car parts	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know about its apperance
text:yes but i am interested in information about all of idahos state symbols	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding
text:no i am looking for specific health problems only	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:is your volvo having a maintenance issue
text:no i need to find dealership	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:
text:	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals
text:neither i am looking for general information	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:
text:	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you experiencing joint issues
text:no i need information about different types of joints used in woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i want statistics for the food stamp program in iowa	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:no i want information about forearm exercises for forearm pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement
text:yes and how it originated and what is the history of the civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want black and white or colored designs
text:if i can put them on my bike or car	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school activities
text:no i want to know the demographics	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have
text:yes	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:what are you trying to do with the mushrooms
text:using them to cook	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area
text:what to do in the pocono mountains	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need technical support related to your service
text:no i am looking for providers of voip phone services	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know where south africa is
text:no i want to learn about south african history	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like hours for va dmv registration
text:yes i would like to know the hours but i also need to know their locations	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like information on filing income taxes
text:i would like information on efiling my federal tax return	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment
text:who to contact about discrimination	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in where penguins live
text:no i want merchandise for pittsburgh penguin hockey	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you interested in staying here for certain dates
text:no	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:potentially but can you just give me info on iron deficiency in general	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:no i am looking for companies that offer gmat prep classes not sample tests	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for instructions to build a fence
text:yes a wooden fence	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:yes what exercises can i do to ease the pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to see resorts and casinos in the french lick area
text:no i would like to see if there are any discounted packages for staying at the french lick resort and casino	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what type of website do you need
text:one for a small business	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs
text:no thats not what im looking for	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like prices of elliptical trainer
text:no i want elliptical machine reviews	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted
text:yes	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:no i want information of the avp company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt dogs for free
text:no i would like to know what information would be helpful when adopting a dog	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the cost
text:no i want to know how a septic system works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to hear air travel info in the news
text:no	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoo mail
text:no i want to access yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in treatments for hip fractures
text:yes	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know major landmark dates
text:no i would like to know the names of famous african american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:
text:	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are there specific jobs you are looking for
text:no	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:no i am interested in general fish grilling information	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in the history of the pcoconos
text:no just tourist activities	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need tips on diy organizational methods
text:yes	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:
text:	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year
text:no tell me the responsibilities of the tennessee highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit
text:yes	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to find films that ron howard directed
text:yes im trying to find films that ron howard directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:no i want to buy toilet parts specifically american standard branded	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want names of companies that file income taxes online
text:yes i am looking into filing my 2018 income tax online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in
text:i am interested in desinging web sites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:yes i would like to find a site to buy iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you need instructions to do the test
text:no i want to know what the test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you looking for scientific evidence
text:yes	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:is this for mobility or fun
text:fun help me find some childrens scooters for sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a map of kansas city mo
text:no i want information on the hallmark visitors center there	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you interested in the origin of the nile
text:no i want a map of the nile river basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:
text:	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know how many joints the human body has
text:i want general information about joints in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no i want providers of satellite internet service	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:i need information about the pro beach volleyball events sponsered by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i would like directions to the indiana state fairgrounds not how large it is	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to learn about the poconos
text:i want information about the raceway in pennsyvania named pocono raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like prices of elliptical trainer
text:if it is a benefit yes	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you want reviews of french lick resort and casino
text:no i am looking for job openings at french lick casino resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer
text:no i need to find whom to contact if i am being discriminated against	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want the address
text:no i want its hours of operations	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal
text:i am looking for which are the good and bad vldl levels in a cholesterol test	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you a dj
text:no i would like to hire a dj for a wedding	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:no i want to grill kabobs	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which part of the river are you more interested in
text:i am not looking for the river i am looking foor the board game	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available
text:no i want to know what services the sherwood regional library provides	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics
text:i dont know	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history figures
text:no	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in what draws a moth to flame
text:no just what they eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no im asking for review about the avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find a certain song
text:i want to find sheet music for his songs	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:i dont know	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence
text:not now i want to know the requirements	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the greek god or the pc
text:no	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary
text:no i am trying to figure out who can be burried at the culpepper national cemetary	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:do you want to know which country has paid the highest average charitable donation amount
text:yes i would like to know the average charitable donation	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what cell phone apps are you interested in
text:no i want information on buying unlocked cell phones	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:
text:	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:how much do you report for your income
text:this doesnt relate to my question	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for prevention tools
text:no i want the homepage for the american association of diabetes educators please	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:
text:	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the penguins of madagascar
text:no i want to learn more about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:what mothers day song are you looking for
text:i dont know	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for current news about afghanistan
text:i am looking for information about the war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game
text:no i want to learn about their history	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:
text:	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to go to arkansas
text:yes for tourism	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for research papers
text:just the webpage for now	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:i would like to know what kind of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal
text:yes this is the information i need to have	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you pay child support in indiana
text:yes so what is my obligation	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in
text:im looker for retailers and pricing information	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in
text:need to know where i can register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:do you want to know the middle name of the current president of the united states
text:yes as well as the full names of all our presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worm castings
text:no im looking for information on computer worms	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs
text:if you have one that lists all kinds of dinosaurs with pictures then yes	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer
text:no specific class i just want to know the best ones overall	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance
text:no i need to know how to apply for iowas food stamp program	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to report an incident
text:no i would like the homepage for supporters of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know where worms come from
text:yes i want to know where worms come from	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:no i want to read more information about the element iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:
text:	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden
text:no i want reviews of the tv and movie adaptations	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know what is in a credit report
text:no i just want to know how they determine the credit score on it	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for a specific model or part
text:i do not know i need information about kenmore gas water heater energy efficiancy and safety	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to learn how to make furniture
text:no i want to know the importance of furniture dimensions in spaces that are small	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:no i am looking for symptoms people wioth ocd have	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you want dietary recommendations
text:no i want to know if higher heart rate is related to blood pressure or cholesterol levels	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:no i want pictures of past presidents	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:im looking for residential toilets organized by manufacturer	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment
text:yes i would like to know if i am eligible for equal opportunity employment	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to know more about ps2 console design
text:most reviewed ps2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know when espn started
text:this is not related to my search	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:what kind of penguin are you looking for
text:female penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:would you like information on the worth of coins
text:no i would like information on collecting gold coins	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:what would you like to know about yahoo
text:i would like information about the comnpany	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:yes specifically herbal ones	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you asking about cannabis
text:no im asking about muscle joint treatment	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:which tv and computer information would you like to know more about
text:how do i watch tv on my computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is
text:no i just want the home page	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for bart travel schedules
text:yes	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what images of joints would you like to see
text:no i want information on how to treat join pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu
text:no i am looking for pictures of the survivor 9 vanuatu tv reality series not in planning a trip there	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:no i want to see images that are satellite and geographic	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits
text:no i would like information about iowas food stamp program	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu
text:i would like travel and tourism information for vanuatu	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:
text:	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know what is considered a good score
text:no	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia
text:no i want information on support groups that are there for fybromyalgia suffers	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in getting a quote for coverage
text:yes i am interested in the cost of long term insurance	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin
text:yes im looking for marinade recipes	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need contact information for the university of phoenix
text:no i want to know what programs they offer	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like information on a particular band member
text:no i would like a list of the albums that were released by the beatles	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to buy semi truck
text:no	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton
text:no i would like to know about the broadway musical the secret garden	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:yes but more than that not just internet service in and of itself	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what does unc mean
text:university of north carolina	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black celebrities
text:no inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth biology
text:no i need to get rid of them	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:
text:	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:which type of moth are you looking for
text:im not looking for a specific one just some pictures of moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:will this be for an adult or child
text:adult	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car
text:i am looking for general online sites that sell car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin
text:i am unsure how to cook it	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:yes	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you think your dog is in heat
text:no what symptoms do overheated dogs present	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed
text:yes and general information about his life too	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:i want to know about the flag of barbados	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you referrring how to get organized
text:no im looking for supplies at the container store take me to their homepage	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:no im referring to bellevue hospital in new york city	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you traveling
text:i need to see a world atlas online	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know the date for this saturday
text:no i want to go to the college board homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in visiting kansas city
text:i am interested in visiting the casinos in kansas city	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo
text:no what are the tourist attractions there	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific dinosaur
text:no just looking for pictures of dinosaurs	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know what a weather strip is
text:i know what it is i need to know how to weatherstrip my sliding glass door	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf
text:maybe	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes can you take me to the arizona game and fish departments home page	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:diabetes education regarding children or adults
text:both i want to become an educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140
text:yes i need technical specifications of the hp mini 2140	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news
text:no i want to see penguin photos	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you need information about medical services
text:no i need to know primary and secondary schools in porterville ca	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a specific place here
text:i need the web site of the newspaper called porterville recorder	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see videos by the pastor
text:no i want biographical information	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what do you want to use the antenna for
text:i dont know	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina
text:yes specifically campus locations of the university of north carolina	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in the size of the company
text:no i want reviews on the volvo xc90	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:he was one of them but not the only one	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult
text:no i want to know where i can buy ps 2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:yes vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in visiting
text:yes i am that is why i need a map of the islands of vanuatu	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:i would like to know the risk factors and causes of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in buying or selling an mgb
text:no i am looking for sites for mgb car owners and enthusiasts	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:would you like book reviews
text:no im interested in reviews for the film	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna
text:no i would like to know about the best antenna for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning
text:no i want to learn more information about just how tornandos are forecast	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win
text:no i want to organize a raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you seeking an event calendar for dutchess county
text:yes and other tourist information	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:no im looking to buy a kohler toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like to know of upcoming concert dates
text:no i would like a list of popular beatles songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:yes	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system
text:no but can you tell me how to maintain a septic system	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit
text:no	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no i want information about low carb diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to see a picture of the painting
text:yes that is what i am looking for	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like to email the va dmv registration
text:no i need to find out about registering vehicles	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:what sport are you interested in
text:am interested in nascar	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like information on the university of north carolina unc
text:i need the location of the unc hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to book a stay here
text:yes and i want to find deals	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:are you interested to learn how many lead acid batteries are recycled
text:yes thank you	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions
text:no media i want to know about frances hodgson burnett	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows
text:i need garage door weather stripping instructions	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:no i want to find pictues of past presidents of the united states	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report
text:no	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:yes local poker tournaments	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need to know the next arkansas game time
text:no i want the tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design outline
text:no a completed flame design	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you like to buy stencils online
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for kitchen furniture
text:i would like to know how mirrors effect small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:just the magazine site	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in the size of the company
text:no i want their website home page	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you interested in what their job duties are
text:i am interested in learning about how to obtain employment with the border patrol	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:im talking about satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:have you got any specific question regarding furniture size
text:no i am looking for general information regarding size importance	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:yes as it relates to kabob recipes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures
text:i would like to know how to treat a hip fracture and what the prognosis is for recovery	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no i want general information about what kind of toilets exist	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to renew a drivers license
text:no i need to register my vehicle in virginia	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning
text:no i want the mortality rates of asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy a book about this topic
text:no i want to see pictures of penguins from the madagascar movie	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:how old is ralph owen brewseter
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for companies to build a fence for you
text:i will be building the fence myself	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to call
text:no i need driving directions	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator
text:no i am looking for free diabetes education materials including things like videos pamphlets and books	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located
text:no i want information about their job duties	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for diet information
text:no im looking for free diabetes educations materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what would you like to know about rock and gem shows
text:when are there going to be some rock and gem shows in my area	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about
text:i am not sure	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you looking for sewing patterns
text:yes i am interested in learning about the different types of patterns for sewing	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo
text:no	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a list of available new york hotels
text:yes but i am looking specifically for a luxury hotel	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:
text:	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree
text:two generations obamas parents and grandparents	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to register to take the sat test
text:yes i want to register	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:i am looking for possible causes of forearm pain	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i just want to find their contact information	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want to find a restaurant or store here
text:no i want to find the homepage of the porterville recorder newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need information on how to ride the bart
text:no i just need schedules and costs	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:yes i am	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm
text:i would like to by produce from fickle creek farm	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles
text:no only their songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:no that wouldnt help	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:what sport are you interested in
text:not a relevant question for my query	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:do you want to know the timeline of flooding in manville nj because of hurricane irene
text:no i want to know the after affects from the flooding after hurricane irene in manville nj	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no i want to find providers of satellite radios systems	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in what the the company imclone does
text:no	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:i would like to know more about afordable internet	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to place an order
text:no i just want contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use
text:no i need the homepage of the humane society	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:probably not but i am unable to answer for sure	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury
text:no i need statistics	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to hear air travel info in the news
text:no i would like to know restrictions on checked baggage	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design outline
text:i am looking for stencils	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:i want to see some tips on cooking vegetables on the grill	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in who is the ceo
text:no	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for standings of a specific sport
text:i want to know about nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in buying a new atari game console
text:no i want a website that lets me play their old games online	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for what mgb stands for
text:yes	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you study road maps
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in musical notes and their origins
text:no i am interested in the history of rock music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:no i am interested in reviews and comparisons of avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:no just looking for information	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:im looking for the beatthegmat blog and forums online	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know what figs taste like
text:no i need nutritional and health info	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:yes and other information regarding the office of president	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the titans from titanfall
text:no im referring to motorcycles from titan	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know the size of this product
text:no i want the owners manual	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news
text:no i would like to see the merchandises such as clothing attire in the brand accessories	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you planning any events there
text:no i want a schedule of their events	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game genres are you interested in
text:i actually want to find online reviews	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl
text:im not sure	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no i am looking for webpages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:what would you like to know about the civil right movement
text:i would like a timeline of important events in the civil rights movement in the united states	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in
text:im interest in web design hosting for small businesses	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you wanting the titles of mothers day songs
text:no i would like the lyrics of mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:yes and exercise tips as well	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for the news paper the sun
text:no i am looking for information about the sun in the solar system	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:are you trying to loss weight
text:no im not just want to know the health benefits of dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in pictures of worms
text:no i am interested in computer worms viruses and spyware information	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:no i would like to know about avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:what about an interview do you need help with
text:writing thank you letters i want to see examples of interview thank you letters	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat
text:please give me the home page of the company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the history of butter and margarine
text:no	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs
text:sure but i need to know the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs as well	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you wanting to find income tax forms online
text:yes and information on how to do it	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park
text:yes	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for prevention tools
text:no i am looking for tips on becoming a diabetic instructor	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to buy old coins
text:i would like to know what is the value of rare wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall
text:yes i need to know which sites offer virtual tours and a list of names on the wall	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a hotel
text:yes at the orange county convention center	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you seeking support of a child in indiana
text:i am seeking a law firm that specializes in that	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain
text:no	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for some retailers
text:yes i am looking for retailers who sell jax chemical companys green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:would you also like to delete your history
text:no i just want to find out what my browsing history is	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like me to direct you to emergency services
text:no i which to learn what the eary signs of a heart attack are	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:i just want to know about supports and braces	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to go to arkansas
text:no just show me a map	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone
text:no i only want information on stewarts involvement with imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no just basic information about bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the location of unc
text:no	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you want reviews of french lick resort and casino
text:no i want information about discounted stays at french like resort	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:no i want info on the nutrient iron	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to obtain used car parts
text:yes id like to see online used car parts retailers	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are you looking for information on flood damage
text:i want to know if hurricane irene affected manville nj	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:are you interested in the 1992 presidential election george bush sr was part of
text:yes i would like to know about george bush srs life	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing
text:no i need to know what the regulations are there	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game genres are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:
text:	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm
text:no i would like more information on the conficker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map with driving directions
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about
text:i would like to know the name of the state flower of idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:no that is not what i am asking	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the pastor
text:yes pastor rick warren and controversial obama inaugural invocation	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:i dont have one and am looking for companies that make toilets for a residential dwelling	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm
text:yes what products do they grow there	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:no	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the author
text:id like to see articles about the controversy of rick warren at the obama inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific league
text:im looking for na	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game system would you like to know about
text:i only want to find out about available atari arcade games	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where figs grow
text:no i want to know about the nutritional and health benefits of figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in pvc pipe
text:yes and how to fit them	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in gardening
text:no the musical called the secret garden	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to see all listings for casinos in french lick
text:no im just looking for discount packages for the french lick resort and casino	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:no	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what colors do you want to use
text:flame colors	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140
text:yeah i need to know who sells the hp mini 2140 notebook computer and for how much	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown
text:no i need general information on the history of the uss yorktown located in charleston south carolina	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes
text:no i want to know what is the definition of tangible personal property	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking to find a djs website
text:no i want to know what dj jobs are available	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:i would like to know if there are any good home remedies for elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol
text:no i wqnt to know what the requirements are to become a tennessee patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa
text:please show me general information about the iowa food stamps program	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need contact information for the university of phoenix
text:only of the faculty	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is this in reference to flowers or vegetables
text:yes	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in a calculator for child support payments
text:yes that would be a big help	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:are you interested in the science behind the usda food pyramid
text:no i only want to get a description of it	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about
text:i need information about flushing a neighborhood in new york city	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a hotel
text:yes	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:would you like an unlocked phone
text:only if it is part of the free available phones	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in aj raffles
text:no i am interested in sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility
text:yesi who is eligible for the 403b	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking for information on the purpose of joints
text:yes id like to know more about joints in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need stock price values for the company
text:no i need information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:yes complete with instructions	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you looking for the nearest sat testing location
text:no i am looking for information on how to prepare for the sat and courses i can take to prepare for the sat	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game are you interested in
text:mostly the 2600 but i would like to know about other atari game consoles too	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas
text:no i would like to know about lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:yes i would like to no if any isps sell dial up at a low price	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds
text:yes and id like to see pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:would you like to read about colleges in arkansas
text:i want to see a map	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:no i want more information about bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department
text:i was hoping to see the arizona fishing report site	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what is the doctors name at this facility that you want
text:i dont know	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for specific products related to getting organized
text:no i just need some tips about it	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for butter and margarine comparison
text:no im looking for how they are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:i want to know where i can take the test	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force
text:yes and what their mission is	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no im referring to satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you interesting in buying furniture
text:no i am curious as to how the arrangement of furniture creates an illusion of more space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:what growing climate do you live in
text:not sure	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in objects orbiting the sun
text:i would like information about the sun the star in our solar system only	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some reviews
text:no i just want to know where to buy a bowflex power pro	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:what symptoms of mad cow are your most interested in
text:i would like to know the symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes a volvo dealer website	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:i want information about bellevue hospital in new york city	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for the convention center in florida
text:i am looking for hotels near the convention center in florida	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:no looking for barbados underground homepage	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you need instructions for cooking rice
text:no i want to access the homepage of rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know about the wars fought in afghanistan
text:no i would like to know the full history of afghanistan	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:does the evidence have to be factual
text:no i am interested on theories	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know more about sliding glass doors
text:no i want to know how to seal a garage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha
text:yes i want to download some episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need a gs pay calculator
text:no i want to see the gs pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested on when er tv show started
text:no i want to know which music the tv show featured	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want to buy their music
text:no i want to know what albums the beatles released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit
text:i dont know	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes the home page of rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to listen to songs from the music man
text:yes	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested to see images of it
text:no i need information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use
text:can you give me a list of agencies in my area	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140
text:no i want to know what other people think about the hp mini 2140	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts
text:no i am interested in symptoms of heat stroke	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you interested in the costs of building a fence
text:no i just want to buy materials for building one	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the weather in kansas city
text:no i want information on tourist attractions	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to build a scooter
text:no i am looking to buy a moped	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade
text:yes	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot
text:no i am looking for recall information	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:what type of car do you want parts for
text:i want to find online resources for a toyoto camry	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design
text:no i just want images of fire and flame designs	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:no	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want a designer dog
text:i would like a puppy of a designer dog breed	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a map of kansas city mo
text:no i want to see the list of casinos that are in kansas city mo	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo
text:no i need to know what hotels are near the kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in kansas city mo tourism
text:yes specifically torist attractions in kansas city mo	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking
text:maybe	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you trying to find an airline
text:no i am trying to find rules about liquids in lugages	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for events
text:no i want to know how to reserve the orange county convention center for an event	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know more about hunting rules
text:yes the rules for hunting deer in maryland	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for ron howard biographies
text:yes i would like biographical information abour ron howard	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account
text:i want to know who qualifies for the 403b plan	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to buy some parts for this equipment
text:no i want to know of any recall notices	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced
text:i am looking to see if it has been recalled at all	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where figs grow
text:no i need instructions on how to grow figs myself	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you want dietary recommendations
text:no i am looking for the causes of hear rate changes	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost
text:yes	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet
text:no	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:looking for the grilling magazines homepage	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you
text:yes clubs that have them	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for fencebuilding materials
text:yes	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you need 403b calculator
text:no i need to know the rules for a 403b plan	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha
text:no i just want to find some inuyasha games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at
text:no i want to know the cost to watch tv shows online	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:which city in arkansas are you interested in
text:i dont know about a specific city i am looking for tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix
text:no i want to find reviews about university of phoenix	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:are you interested in learning about the consequences of south carolinas battles on the overall war
text:no	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to know about george bush srs family
text:no i just want information about george hw bush himself	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:
text:	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what other features are you looking for in a condo
text:i dont know	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:i need a map	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to cook with rice
text:no i would like biological information on the former secretary of state condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:no	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning
text:no i want to find information about tornadoes	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you want to know how old rick warren is
text:no i wanr to locate rick warrens homepage	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what colors do you want to use
text:it doesnt matter i am interested in good designs of flame tattoos	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company
text:no	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:are you interested in the recycling process for lead acid batteries
text:no information given	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific sport
text:yes i want scores for both football and basketball games	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews
text:i dont know	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interesting in a certain countrys black history
text:no i just need names of famous africanamerican inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no just any site that supports martha stewarts side of the case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know who is hiring here
text:yes	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:will you be making this at home or at a commercial kitchen
text:at home and i swould not concern you	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you know what a heart attack is
text:no i want to know what the symptons of a heart attack are	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you
text:no just owner manuals	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus
text:uranus is one of the planet	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for recipes that include rice
text:yes i want recipes for rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about
text:none i am interested in the street map of names and blocks	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today
text:i dont know	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you keeping people out or animals in
text:both i would like to find out where to buy the materials	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:no tell me about the design of the barbados flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to sell used car parts
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you experiencing a flare up
text:i dont know i am looking for medicines that can be used to treat fybromyalgia im not sure if im experiencing a flare up	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol
text:ok what are the good and bad levels of vldl	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for anything specific of a tv show
text:no not a tv show	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in awards received by the band
text:probably and just their general history as a band	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you looking for a world atlas
text:maybe if i can color in it	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to purchase streaming services
text:yes i want to know which channels and shows are available	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for
text:this is not relevant to my query	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what category are you searching for raffles in
text:cars	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:no	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for information on its maintenance
text:no i need a contractor	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want the name of one person
text:i want the name of the person who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:is there any specific historical movement on your mind
text:yes i would like a timeline of the united states civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for specifications of the hp mini 2140 notebook	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know what their jurisdiction is
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you interested in going to south africa
text:no i am looking for maps of south africa	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want contact information for the board
text:yes and steps on how to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree
text:no i would like baracks mothers biological information	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:
text:	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in comparing coverage prices
text:no i am interested in learning about the different types of long term care insurance policies	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:i need to know the difference betweent gmat and gre	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is there a specific program you are looking for
text:yes coverage for lowincome people	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:no i want to go to th veritasprep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like to see google maps homepage
text:no	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking to buy the album the wall online
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to see local spca or humane societies
text:yes local human societies	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have any medical conditions
text:unable to answer	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on
text:no give me the history of the actual band	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking to move here
text:possibly for now i want to see a list of colleges	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan
text:no i want to know about the war	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need stock price values for the company
text:no i want information about employment opportunities	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like a history of the band
text:yes i would like some information about the beatles	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need contact information for the university of phoenix
text:no i need to know the main competitors of the university of phoenix	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:would you like to know how to catch moths
text:no i just want pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific sport
text:yes am looking for information on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you need treatment information for lipoma
text:no i need info on which groups exhibit lipomas most often	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in hallmark visitors center
text:no i am looking for hotels that are near the kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you interested in bart sf the company
text:yes i would like to find maps of the bart sf system	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worm castings
text:no only the conficker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf
text:no	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics
text:at what age do most people get it	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:no i would like to find tips on doing well on the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know about its apperance
text:yes by showing me pictures of it	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:i am looking for bidet toilets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:no	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need study information from professors
text:i want background on plate tectonics	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:no i want to know who offers internet without phone services	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:yes as long as it is personal stories	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights
text:no just the tv shows he acted in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:which party do you want results from
text:are there more than one set of results	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for the nearest junck yard
text:no i am looking for the carpartcom website	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:are you looking for only the 2008 results
text:yes	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:yes i am looking for low cost internet providers	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in child support resources
text:just law firms that offer services in indiana	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like a list of fun facts about madagascar
text:maybe	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:possibly but i need to know what companies manufacture bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you looking for a map
text:no show me the tribe that used to live in alabama area	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:how much do you report for your income
text:i need to know when to report	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know where to buy weather strips
text:no i need instructions for weather stripping my sliding glass door	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:no i want to find satallite tv providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you need tickets for the music man
text:no	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes i would like information on the prognosis of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are
text:no	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a contact number for the city government
text:no i am looking for colleges or post secondary institutions in porterville ca	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what salary range are you looking for
text:none im looking for job search web sites	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:no i would like to know the difference between gre and the gmat	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer
text:yes as well as other potential risk	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol
text:no but i would like their home page	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa
text:i dont know	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:how big do you want the flames to be
text:im not sure just show me some good ones for now	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:would you like the instructions for making chicken soup from scratch
text:yes please find chicken soup recipes for me	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for neil young tour dates
text:no	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for listings with a particular skill set
text:no i want information about unemployment claims in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you asking about cannabis
text:no i am talking about joints found in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:
text:	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:no i want to learn about the office of the president	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes id like the website that has guides and outfitters for hunting trips in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want information on the tax board
text:no i need know how to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for something to read
text:yes i want to read about black history	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is the tax rate for the state you are in
text:i do not know i need to know when it is due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:is there a particular gender of human
text:no i want the mad cow disease symptoms for all humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to obtain used car parts
text:yes	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to identify a moth
text:yes i want to learn how to identify different types of moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what location would you like to search for dogs in
text:i need information on dog adoption	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related
text:no just show me noncopyrighted pictures of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:no	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one
text:i need the current websit of the iowa food assistance program	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music
text:no i want to know the inventor of the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know how to create a raised garden
text:i dont know	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for a local educational program
text:no what i want is general educational materials for diabetes	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to explore more on scooters
text:no i want to find kids scooters for sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn
text:no i am looking for a description of the sports facilities at east ridge high school in woodbury mn	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot
text:i need information about product recalls	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a specific mothers day song
text:no i am looking for artists who have recorded songs about mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking to take a class about diabetes
text:maybe just take me to the homepage for now	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:
text:	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari 2600
text:i dont know	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you interested in applying for federal jobs
text:i want to see the pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to titan the moon of saturn
text:no im referring to the truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:which type of chicken soup would you like to make
text:the kind that is easiest to make	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need information about the san antonio international airport
text:no i need info for sat prep	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:are you curious about what an appropriate average charitable donation
text:yes in the usa	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo
text:no i need decals for cars and motorcycles	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:no i want to know how to diet and exercise	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:just show me a website that sells hockey merchandise	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like a history of the band
text:no im interested in a list of the beatles songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to play atari arcade games online
text:yes	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill
text:yes	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies
text:no i want the homepage of volvo	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:which gs tax bracket are you looking for
text:i dont know	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:do you want to know more about obamas parents
text:yes	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office
text:i dont know	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what size are you looking for
text:any size will do	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl
text:no i want to know who manages pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine
text:no	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i want to do income tax online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:yes i would like to know more about living with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:ae you looking for examples of septic system design
text:no i am trying to find a contractor for septic systems	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know where south africa is
text:yes i want maps of south africa	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what information would you like in regards to an equal opportunity employer
text:i want the definition of an equal opportunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some reviews
text:no i would like to know if there are any recalls on the bowflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games
text:no i want to know what are the hardware specifications for the playstation 2 console	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on residential or business
text:i dont know	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know about butter and margarine making process
text:i dont know	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn
text:no im looking for the demographics of east ridge high school in lick creek kentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in
text:i want free dns hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like me to direct you to emergency services
text:no	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what type of craft are you using the pvc for
text:what are the various contraction called and hwo are they treated	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you looking for recipes with figs
text:yes	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:would you like to know how it functions
text:no	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes her biographty	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:do you want to know the meaning of the seven deadly sins
text:no i just want the list of the sins	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you searching for online earth day activities
text:i would like any activities kids can do for earth day	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know the date for this saturday
text:this is not related to the search	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you need information about medical services
text:no i need the homepage of the newspaper called porterville recorder	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland
text:yes inside or near disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat
text:no i would like to know the website for the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in the computer game worms
text:no live worms	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to see their homepage
text:yes let me see their homepage	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no i want iron supplelments for humans	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you interested in new york hotel prices
text:no i want to know where hotels on long island ny are located	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:
text:	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted
text:no i want to know what material the garden bed should be constructed of	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes
text:no i am not intrested in this information	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds
text:yes but only tell me about small or toy hybrids	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions
text:no i want to know about pvc pipes	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you know someone named rick warren
text:not exactly i would like information on his controversial invocation at the inauguration of obama	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for bedroom furniture
text:no what is the importance of furniture dimensions to small spaces	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:its affordable compared to the national average	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:
text:	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens
text:no i want to know the causes of facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa
text:yes is there a website to view	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:no im interested in websites that relate to the alien vs predator movie franchise	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically
text:please tell me where i can buy or lease bobcat tractor and construction equipment	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for the information how 403b plan works
text:yes i want to know what a 403b is	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age
text:no i want general information or a timeline about the insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know famous black people
text:yes i would like to find a list of renowned african american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park
text:yes please	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to rent or buy a condo
text:i want to rent it for vacation	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat
text:no i want to find attachment for their trailers	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like
text:no i want to homepage for the tennesee highway patrol	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:no i need the beatthegmat blog and forums	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer
text:no i am looking for information on discrimination by an equal opportunity employer	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage
text:i want to know about obamas mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:would you like to read about colleges in arkansas
text:no i am looking for information about little rock	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:what brand of dark chocolate are you referring to
text:i am not interested in a specific brand	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you referring to the college in new london conneticut
text:yes this is what i want	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need information about furniture arrangement
text:no is mirrored furnature good for small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you watch lawbased television
text:that question is irrelevant to my query	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in
text:i need cheat codes for various ps2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat
text:no i would like to know what causes a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning
text:no	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in how much you can get from this program
text:no	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information about the arizona game and fish department
text:yes i want to see their site	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you know anything about the law
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about a specific espn sports program
text:yes fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig
text:no i want to know how to cook it	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:how about some organizing tips
text:no im looking for office supply catalogs	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:
text:	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for the information how 403b plan works
text:yes i want to know what the rules are	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to play atari arcade games online
text:no history of atari 2600 and other atari consoles	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin
text:yes in a crockpot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:no i needs tips about grilling fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:price of a pork tenderloin
text:no	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for a specific event or activity
text:no i want to read poetry by the author maya angelou	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for more information about mgb
text:yes	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no can i still get dialup access	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to change scooter oil
text:no i want to buy a moped	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government
text:i need the program funded by the state of iowa	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried
text:no i want to know the benefits of using figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:
text:	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:no the homepage for the president of the united states	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:would you like information on the worth of coins
text:yes i want to know the worth of a rare wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:were you looking for how cell phones work
text:no i need to find a retailer that sells unlocked cell phones	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:there are some cool deals available shall i show them
text:yes please	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:
text:	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking to buy the album the wall online
text:no please give me information about the vietnam veterans memorial in washington dc	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to buy parts online or in person
text:buy them online	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:yes i woild like to find the us presidents homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted
text:no just need th homepage	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo
text:no casinos	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history
text:i want all biographical information available for ralph owen brewster	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where you can buy figs
text:no i want to find recipes on how to make them	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know how to get to arkansas
text:no i want general information for visiting arkansas	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you want to know how many continental plates there are
text:i want more information on continetal drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:i need the website for avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family
text:i dont know	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know major landmark dates
text:yes a timeline dates figures events	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know more about its history
text:no im looking for reviews and commentary about it	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see alternative retirement accounts
text:no i want to know the withdrawal limit	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:no i would like general information about the element iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system
text:no i want to know how it works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for companies to build a fence for you
text:no im trying to find information on how to build chainlink fences	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure
text:no im looking for outside reviews and commentary about it	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you want a jax chemical company coupon
text:no i am looking for retail stores that sell green patina solution made by jax chemical company	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for legal forms
text:no i am looking for a phone number or email address for californias franchise tax board	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school activities
text:no i am looking for the schools homepage	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you going to purchase anything there
text:i am not sure	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall
text:no	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:do you want to move to dutchess county
text:no i just want information about tourists there	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what category are you searching for raffles in
text:no i am looking for the raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:no	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in hallmark visitors center
text:no	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to identify a moth
text:no i want to know what they eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you experiencing joint issues
text:no i would like info about symtoms and treatment for joint pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:do you want to know why your face is flushing
text:no i would like to find out where is the city flushing is located in ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is
text:no i need to know what surface products they make	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies
text:no	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for any specific facilities
text:no just any career opportunities at pnl	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm
text:yes i want information about staying there	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want a book about the last supper painting
text:no i want to know if tickets are available online to view the last supper in italy	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:do you need directions somewhere
text:no can you show me some reviews of digital cameras with a built in gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:i want to know more about it	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like written instructions or a video
text:either	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for paralegal job opportunities
text:maybe for now just take me to the association homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what brand of keyboards are you looking for
text:i want keyboards for computer gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have a specific purpose for the antenna
text:i want to know what types wilson sells	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment
text:i just need the homepage for now	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you willing to adopt a shelter dog
text:yes i want to know the procedures to do that	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin
text:i dont know	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:no i want info on president barack obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements
text:no i want to know about the civil rights act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you want to know how many continental plates there are
text:i need to find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for dinosaur books
text:no just the discovery channel website	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate
text:i am referring to the michigan department of natural resources	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for a local educational program
text:no i am looking for a specific webpage	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:no just the names of the diets with the quickest weight loss times	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know about its apperance
text:no i want to know the name of the state flower of idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want to find a restaurant or store here
text:no hospitals and medical care in porterville ca	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in dnr stock
text:no the regulations on hunting imposed by the maryland dnr	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part
text:im referring to the mechanical part	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know when espn started
text:no i want nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need to find out about airport weather delays
text:no	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like information about installing weather stripping
text:yes garage door weather stripping	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see pictures of a sore throat
text:no i would like to know the causes of a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:i want webpages with recipes that use rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high
text:thank you	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:would you like history from this device alone or would you like history from all devices
text:i would like to know how to find out what ive previously seen on this device	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:no i want to know the symptoms of ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for legal forms
text:maybe i want to find out how to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want the population of south africa
text:no i want photos of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need any specific tips on decoration
text:yes suggestions for what to do and what not to do when decorating a small space	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you looking for information on how its scored
text:no how it is used and for what purpose	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the nutritional content of rice
text:yes i want to know the nutritional value of rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:what type of rice dish are you looking for
text:no	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:would you like to know the rules of the wall game show
text:no i would like information of the pink floyd album the wall	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:no i would like to know where i can buy parts for american standard toilets	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:which continental plates are you interested in
text:none specifically	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:
text:	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:no	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you trying to find a contractor
text:no im looking for required maintenance	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:
text:	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:i am interested in purchasing american toilet parts	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about health problems that arise from exposure to asbestos
text:no i want to know the mortality rate due to asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:what kind of penguin are you looking for
text:am looking for pregnant penguins	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about piano keys
text:no i want reviews for electronic keyboards and digital pianos	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:
text:	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about blushing
text:no facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:no im looking for a whole wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i would like the site that allows you to print your trip on the bart system	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in learning more about mythological titans
text:no i am interested in the moon titan that orbits saturn	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:no i want to know about diet supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design
text:no i want images	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor
text:maybe but i want basic biographical information on him	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol
text:no i just want to know the diffrences of the things i listed	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:no im looking for information about manmade satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:only if it involves tourism	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:yes i am looking for companies offering lowpriced internet services	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like application information for the michegan works program
text:yes	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:what would you like to know about his family
text:i would like to know if he has any brothers or sisters	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you trying to quit smoking
text:yes	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:i want offers and reduced rates	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in satellite maps
text:maps that are printable for free	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado safety
text:no i want to find videos and pictures of tornadoes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:
text:	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:is your search referring to a condition of the neck
text:no	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b
text:no i am interested in who is eligible for a 403b not the difference between a 401k and 403b	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you having trouble quitting somking
text:i would like to quit smoking	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes file income tax online	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm
text:no i want to know what products they grow or raise there	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals
text:no i an looking for a specific webpage	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the pastor
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:do you want to learn about home health care when you have a sore throat
text:yes i want to know what i can use at home to help my sore throat	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:no i want tips on dieting and calories charts	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you wanting the titles of mothers day songs
text:no i want names of artists who have recorded mothers day songs	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to find online tv streaming services
text:yes and how to watch tv on my computer	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor
text:im only trying to find the tv shows	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:no just its nutritional requirement in my diet	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for lipoma removal
text:no i want to know what animals can have them	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for a video tutorial
text:yes	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know about brewsters college education degree and work history
text:no i would like to know about his relationship with howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school
text:yes am referring to the actual school	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:thats irrelevant im looking for medical services	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know who grades your sats
text:i dont know	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to file your income tax return online
text:yes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:
text:	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you interested in seeing barack obamas family
text:yes am interested in obamas family	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture
text:no i am looking for statistics about hip fractures	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:is this tangible personal property tax just for you
text:i am searching for the definition of tangible personal property in regards to taxes	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:do you want to know the origins of dark chocolate
text:no i want to know only the benefits	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no i am looking for companies that provide satellite service	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter
text:yes and what offices did he hold	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters
text:yes im looking for instruction manuals	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested on when er tv show started
text:no i am interested in watching the show online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in penguin vape
text:no take me to the pittsburgh penguins homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know how to get to south africa
text:no i want maps of south africa	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to obtain forms from the dmv
text:yes i would like a form	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:no	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:no i am interested in the type of satellite that is offered for television	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you want information on the differenct services that are provided
text:give me the homepage of the cmsp	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no providers	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like the idaho state flower coloring page
text:no find fun facts about idaho	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:is the secret garden a book you are interested in
text:no	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series
text:no the titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a contact number for the city government
text:no i want to know what the k12 schools are in porterville ca	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic
text:no im looking for all medical services	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:no	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the library
text:yes what services they provide	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs
text:no i want to know what are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:would you like to know what the nile is composed of
text:no i would like information on the feud between speke and burton over the discovery of the source of the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i am looking for the history	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to directions to kansas city
text:no	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you looking for an interview preparation guide
text:yes i would like information on the right way to end an interview	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a tourist map
text:yes ones that i can print	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you interested in organ donation information
text:no	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them
text:no i want to know about the different varieties of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado disasters
text:yes i want to know which tornadoes were the deadliest	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary
text:i want to know the rules for being buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth biology
text:sort of i want to know what their eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in a specific type of penguin
text:no i just want some information about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for trombone dealers near yo
text:yes	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a specific representative you need information on thats written on the topic
text:no i am looking for an image of a map of the continental plates	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:
text:	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to buy semi truck
text:no this is not the vehicle i rewuestex information on	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:what information about east ridge high school are you looking for
text:i want demographic information	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in a specific part
text:i am looking for used parts for commercial vehicles like heavy trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:no i am only looking for the anatomy of the forearm	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need a map of arkansas
text:no i would like general tourist information about arkansas	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about
text:i want to know what idahos state flower is	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering where to find moths
text:no i need to find pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are you trying to buy flood insurance
text:tell me how manville nj has been affected by the flooding cause by the hurricane	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for signs to expect
text:no i want to know what the deadliest tornadoes in history were	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some reviews
text:no	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want the lyrics to the chorus
text:i want the lyrics to the song i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to know more about throat cancer
text:no id like to know about the begining stages of a sore throat	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:do you want to know the most important events of george bush srs life
text:yes i want a full biography of his life	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to know how much it costs to stay here
text:no i want to find special offers and discounts	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:yes that would be perfect	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:yes i am very interested in learning more about treatment options for ocd in children	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:thats not important i just want information on herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like to know what they are known for exporting
text:no i would like to know what the country is most known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in the evolution of bobcats
text:no i would like to know more about bobcats in the wild	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:yes	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer
text:no i want to know where i can buy a used one	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:no this is not related to my search	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:when do you expect to need coverage to begin
text:i dont know im only looking for company names	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to purchase a box to measure with
text:no i need to know how the sit and reach test is done the right way	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall
text:no im interested in facts about the pink floyd album titled the wall	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are there any specific details that you are trying to find out
text:the size of uranis	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for the nearest junck yard
text:no im looking for online sources for napa auto parts	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:how experienced are you at sewing
text:i am a beginner	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like to know of upcoming concert dates
text:no id like to know about the history of the band	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for some retailers
text:no i am looking for the homepage of the jax chemical company	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona
text:no i would like the webpage for the arizona fishing report	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:
text:	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you seeing if rick warren is still alive
text:no i want information on his controversial invocation at obamas inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights
text:no i just want to know what movies he directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat
text:no i want to know how i can tell if a dog is suffering from heat stroke	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:reasonable diets	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know barack obamas geneology
text:yes i want to know where obamas parents and grandparents came from	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv
text:no how do i watch tv on my computer	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want espn sports corporate information
text:no i would like baseball scores and the schedule for the live broadcasts of games that are coming up	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique
text:no just general tips on decorating small spaces and what to avoid	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you referring to playstation 2 games
text:yes where can i buy used playstation 2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs
text:i need information on the fruit	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar
text:i need arkadelphia health club information	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to renew a drivers license
text:no i want to know the location of the virginia dmv offices and their hours of operation	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:i just need the companies that offer the classes	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you trying to login to the boards website
text:no i need contact information	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know how big they grow
text:yes and any other interesting facts that can be found	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:would you like to know how to catch moths
text:are you talking about moths in general or do you have a particular moth in mind	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton
text:no	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins
text:im not sure	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:are you looking to find out what type of spider bit you
text:no i am looking for information on how to identify a spider bite in general	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return
text:yes as well as other infromation	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what gs pay scale are you looking for
text:let me look at the tables first	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:kohler branded	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe
text:yes	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:what variety of figs are you interested in
text:i am looking for information on growing figs in general	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about the unc campuses
text:yes which campuses are at unc	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:yes can you name some companies offering test preperation services	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:that is not what i am looking for	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need the address of jax chemical company
text:no i want to know about their treatment products	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:no im looking for a list of websites on learning and teaching korean	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:no i want pictures of past presidents	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:which internet phone service providers are you interested in
text:im looking for the best one	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv
text:no im looking for a volvo dealership	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to be friends on facebook with arkadelphia health club
text:no i need information on the arkadelphia health club	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett
text:yes id like biographical information	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait
text:no i am interested in worms that are in nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you curious about rock and gem shows
text:yes locations and dates	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:no	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:where are you looking to travel to
text:this is not related to my search because i asked for the tsa wesite address offering air travel tips	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you like to buy stencils online
text:no i would just like to be shown images of flames andor fire	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you looking for the kcs academy
text:no im looking for information on kcs energy	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need their homepage
text:no i am looking for information pertaining to the alexian brothers lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon
text:no just the basic geological movements	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to watch the music man film
text:i am lookign for lyrics from the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers
text:no i would like to go to the eeo commision homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for some retailers
text:no i want to know what products for treating surfaces are manufactured by jax chemical company	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions
text:no i need to know how premature ventricular contractions are treated	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure
text:yes exactly	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:yes but in particular i would like any information onthe world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for our schedule of classes or events
text:no i dont need that	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts
text:yes specifically the one in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you have map apps on your phone
text:yes i have map apps on my phone which i mostly used for travelling	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering what moths eat
text:no im not wondering about their diet	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:no i want to know about bellevue hospital in new york ny not bellevue wa	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:shall i open discovery channel store homepage
text:yes i need to know about toys they sell relating to teaching science to kids	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing
text:no	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance
text:no im interestied in what it costs	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports
text:no i just want the customer service contact	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:
text:	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need an exact definition
text:no	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:have you talked to your doctor about heart rate
text:no i want to know what the normal resting heart rate is	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to be on the beach
text:i would like to see homes on the beach for sale	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:no i want information about supports and braces	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no i just want to find some resources on learning and teaching the language	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:what would you like to know about the collaborative nature of wiki
text:yes i would like to know the collaborative nature of wiki	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering what moths eat
text:no i am wondering how to take care of clothes moths in the house	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term
text:no i actually want to know ratings given to long term care insurance companies by am best	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from
text:i want a crockpot recipe	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to take a sat prep class
text:no i want to know typical and good ranges of sat scores and what the average score is	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for bedroom furniture
text:no i am curious about furniture for small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:no i am interested in finding a map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat
text:yes	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:yes and give me other information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:no i would like information about satellite phones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:i am looking for the nutrient iron as a essentrial nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning how to read your credit report
text:no just give me customer service contact informaiton for the three major credit reporting agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:would you like current events stories about the cherokee tribe
text:no i would like information about tribes that used to live in alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a special news
text:no just the homepage of the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you need directions to see the last supper painting
text:no i want to buy tickets	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:no i need diet and exercise recommendations	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:how experienced are you at sewing
text:i dont know	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want to buy their music
text:no i only want a listing of their songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking to buy pvc pipe
text:no	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in
text:i want reviews for all of them	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal
text:just how they are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:
text:	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you wanting to know what it is
text:no i just need to find some reviews for electronic skeet games please	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:no i want pictures of all former presidents	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to listen to songs from the music man
text:no i would like to find current performances of the music man	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:is there any specific historical movement on your mind
text:im interested in little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wondering where porterville is
text:no i would like the homepage for the newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need contact information for the university of phoenix
text:no i want reviews of the programs there	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live
text:no i want to know how to get a dnr order set up	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i am looking for what events are being held at the indiana state fairgrounds this year	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:no i would like a remedy for elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma
text:no the treatment for it	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for jobs in richland
text:no research projects at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan
text:yes and other relevant rules	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to a crazy person
text:no i am referring to the website yahoo where i can check stock news and prices	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in objects orbiting the sun
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know how to perform this test
text:yes id like to know about this test	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:what is your price range
text:in the luxury range	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration
text:no i need the homepage	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:
text:	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you wish to do an entity search
text:no i want to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the container store	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:i am talking about a spacecraft	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need information about furniture arrangement
text:yes i would like to know how to create the illusion of extra space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are
text:no id like to know about free phones specifically	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland
text:no i am not i am looking for information about do not resuscitate orders	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters background
text:i do not know i would like to know how ralph owen brewster knows howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:no the hospital center	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need the cause of the injury
text:i need more information about hip fractures specifically in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:i need a list of foods which are high in iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for neil young tour dates
text:yes i am trying to find a list of tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:
text:	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews
text:i dont know	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the email client
text:no i am referring to the actual company named yahoo	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:
text:	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:do you want to know how much a government officials average charitable donation is
text:no	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering when uranus was discovered
text:yes as well as other information i could use for a lesson on it for young children	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:no	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:no specific city just the history in general	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you searching for a specific airport
text:no i need to0 know the rules across the board for carrying on liquids	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom
text:yes	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:which one of the current 893 essential songs do you like
text:no i need to go to the current magazines web site	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for a map of continental plates
text:yes i would like to see a map of the plates as part of the background information	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like to see google maps homepage
text:no where can i find satellite maps and live satellite photos	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what are your requirments
text:i need the companies to be the cheapest	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you talking about the navel academy
text:im not sure just give me infor on the quality of american military university	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know who owns the company imclone
text:no i want to read opinions about the martha stewart and imclone case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:i would like a map of the capital	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment
text:no i want to know which animals present them	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want the population of south africa
text:no i want to find maps of south africa	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc campus are you most interested in
text:chapel hill	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the insane person across the street
text:no i want information about yahoo	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what would you like to know about uplift
text:i want the yellowstone volcano observatory homepage	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you interested in folk remedies from a specific era
text:no just any folk remedies for a sore throat	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:im not sure i just want a variety of weight loss diets to see	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know who owns the company imclone
text:no i want to learn about her insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system
text:no i am looking for a contractor	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you planning any events there
text:no i am just browsing prices	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes
text:yes especially if they tell me cook temperatures and times	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need the address or location for the company
text:no the homepage	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for research papers
text:no	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to see a picture of the painting
text:no	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:no i am looking for kabob recipes for the grill	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you referring to the move
text:no	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports
text:yes i need to know more about 3in1 credit reports	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:
text:	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what levels of vldl levels are you looking for normal or abnormal
text:id just look to know the difference between vldl ldl and hdl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a political debate
text:no i am looking for rick warrens website	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park
text:yes a volcanic eruption	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in coloring books
text:no i just want to find the discovery channels website	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms
text:no i want pictures of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for rice university
text:no i am looking for recipes for the food rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine
text:no i want to know the difference between cholesterol calorie count and other nutritional qualities	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for any legal information
text:no i am seeking instructions regarding connecticut unemployment applications	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:no i am interested in the homepage of barbados underground	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at
text:yes i want to watch television shows on my computer	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:yes	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally
text:id like to see recipes using figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:porterville high school panters sports team in california	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested to fill a survey for them
text:yes i do	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies
text:no i want to know how to register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth
text:no i am interested in the paintings interpretations	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:would you like historic information
text:no i would just like to know what causes tornados	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking to buy joints
text:no	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for wilson antenna parts
text:no i am interested in reading reviews of wilson antennas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know how much an indexed annuity would cost
text:yes but also the differences in each annuity	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage
text:i want to know which companies offer long term care coverage	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for discounted trombines
text:yes i am but i just need to buy one	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the cost
text:no i want design options for septic systems	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need an exact definition
text:yes could you please defing both terms for me	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested on when er tv show started
text:no	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need addresses
text:no	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:no i only need information	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari games or information about the brand
text:i am interested in atari games that are online	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to compare specific ps 2 games
text:no i want cheat codes for ps2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:no i would like information about low carbohydrate diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific dinosaur
text:no i just want to see discoverys dinosaur website	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a coin dealer near you
text:can you find information about antique us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:do you want to know about railroads
text:no i need to know information about the merger between kcs energy inc and petrohawk energy corporation	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:im looking for events sponsored by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for a local educational program
text:i am trying to figure out what i need to do to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:do you have joint pain
text:yes can you tell me more about it and what is the treatment	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for ron howard biographies
text:yes his personal biography	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:no i want a list of companies that make residential toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in kansas city mo tourism
text:no just general information about the hallmart visitors center there	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:
text:	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for information on the music man musical
text:no i am looking for lyrics for songs from the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you referring to the nile river
text:yes i want information on the feud between speke and burton over the discovery of the source of the river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort
text:yes	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds
text:no i want to find puppies for sale from designer dog breeds	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for a way to tie this knot quickly
text:yes please show me how	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in how much you can get from this program
text:no im looking for the statistics	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:no i want pictures of past presidents of the united states	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:no	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix
text:no i need to know about their programs	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:no i am looking for the homepage of bellevue hospital center in new york ny	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related
text:absolutely not i want to see dinosaurs on the discovery channel	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the official website of the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need recommendations for djs
text:i want to become a radio dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to read about dj employment
text:no i would like to find djs that specialize in hiphop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:do you want to know how many gps satellites are active
text:no im looking for reviews of digital cameras with gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for engineers in such field
text:no i would like to know how the septic system work	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree
text:none	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:do you want to know early signs
text:yes im looking for the early symptoms of this disease in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:no i would like a video showing me how to grill them	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:
text:	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:would you like to read some reviews
text:actually i am looking for a list of hotels in that are close to disneyland theme park	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:what time of year are you looking for mushrooms
text:i just want to know where the mushrooms grow	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no i am looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas
text:only if the famous person is from little rock	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:would you like to know about specific artists related to mothers day
text:yes exactly what i want to know	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is this an emergency
text:i dont know what are the signs	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know a phone number to call
text:id like to know about any scheduled events	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:no i want to know what foods contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want a phone number
text:no i need registration information	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you interested in east ridge high school latest news
text:no im interested in information about the sports program at east ridge high school	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat
text:no	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know how an indexed annuity works
text:yes	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is
text:no	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:no i am interested in general information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs
text:only if the vet can tell me the causes	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for specific courses
text:abaapproved certificate programs for paralegals	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:would you like to read the most recent articles about the average charitable donation
text:specifically donations made by people in the us not corporations	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:i just want plans	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to obtain forms from the dmv
text:i dont know yet	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about free credit reports
text:no i just need contact info	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which area of study are you looking for at unc
text:i am looking for information on athletics at the university of north caroling chapel hill	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:are you referring to the movie series or the country
text:im not sure	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located
text:i would like to know more about package deals from hotels near disneyland	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:would you like to know where the test is used in
text:no i would like to know what the test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments
text:i want to know the a sore throat on one side of my throat means	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina
text:no show me reports about the university of north carolina chapel hill althletics	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for information about how big the sun is
text:no i want to go to the homepage for the baltimore sun newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific tractor model
text:i dont know	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am looking for specific roles on becoming a paralegal	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know credit report scores
text:yes but at no cost	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:
text:	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed
text:no i am looking for tv shows starring ron howard	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for information about any specific federal agencies
text:i am looking for information on the federal agencencies pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles
text:yes	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for reviews related to it
text:i am looking for my options	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what would you like to know about vldl levels
text:i want to know the difference between ldl hdl and vldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes i want the registration webpage	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:how old is ralph owen brewseter
text:no i want to know what offices he held	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know famous black people
text:no	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in home decor items that are dinosaur related
text:no im wanting a list with pictures	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club
text:yes and also their location	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need any specific tips on decoration
text:yes how should i use mirrors in a small space	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you
text:i need companies that offer long term care insurance	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site
text:no i specifically need information on yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you referring to flushing new york
text:yes exactly	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:have you got any specific question regarding furniture size
text:no	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd
text:no the wall by pink floyd which is a band	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:i am interested in the prime minister david thompson	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know how to create a raised garden
text:no looking for a raised garden bed kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in how tornadoes are formed
text:maybe and the likelihood of being able to forecase a tornado after	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you plan to sign up for coverage online
text:i am not interested in signing up at the moment	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital
text:no just the address	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you need a tool to design the site
text:i want sites that offer free dns hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for the news paper the sun
text:yes id like the homepage for the baltimore sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you interested in seeing barack obamas family
text:yes please find me information on barack obamas mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for cell phones for kids
text:i dont know	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot
text:no i want to see retailers that sell electronic skeet shooting games	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018
text:i want to know who is eligible for 403b plans	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:i am interested in poker tournaments in atlantic city	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:
text:	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for
text:i want to know what meds can be used to treat it	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need more information about the sat test
text:yes specifically info on test prep materials and sat prep courses	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:which gs tax bracket are you looking for
text:im looking for the pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in a specific part
text:i cannot answer the question based on the given information	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:i want information on gas barbecue grills	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you trying to find more information about rick warren
text:yes i want background and biological information	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no i am looking for satellite tv providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you referring to a person named rice
text:no rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like directions to the sherwood regional library
text:no id like to know the hours of operation	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in a specific part
text:yes i just need the site though	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know how to create a raised garden
text:yes and what materials to use	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you want to know what being an equal opportunity employer means
text:no i just need the homepage to the equal employment opportunity commissions website	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need to see what is sold there
text:i would like to see if the store is selling discovery channel store products based on the animal planet program	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like a website about this topic
text:no just statistics about it	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator
text:i just want to go to the website for the nih national diabetes education program specifically the homepage	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in pvc pipe
text:no i want info on premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for
text:i want to find photos of them	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you looking for sewing patterns
text:no looking for tips for beginnner sewers	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like information on filing income taxes
text:yes	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:how soon is this needed
text:as soon as possible	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs
text:yes i want to hire one for a wedding	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:not quite i would like to see a map of the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the internet browser
text:no i want information on yahoo the company	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus
text:sure that maybe helpful	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in shakespeares plays
text:yes can you tell me some famous quotes from his plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need information about furniture arrangement
text:yes for small spaces	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for a map of continental plates
text:yes	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:yes im interested in their flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer
text:yes i am looking for how to report a violation of the equal opportunity employer act	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i need a website that sells car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for a car raffles in your area
text:no i need to information on organizing a raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:
text:	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett
text:no im looking for information regarding the movie the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what events are you interested in on the uss yorktown
text:i want to know history about the aircraft carriers	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:would you like the different services that are provided
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:yes i need their website	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for
text:i want to know whether all us federal government agencies use the general schedules pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:no i am looking for instructions how to grill	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you interested in how gps was orginally made
text:no i am looking for personal opinions on gps and ratings	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:yes please take me to the prep page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the nbc television show
text:no the pink floyd album the wall	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am looking for who operates pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:
text:	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan
text:maybe i would like to know more about the painting first	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know how to perform this test
text:no i want to know how it is used	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning how to read your credit report
text:partially but can you also explain how it is determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you wanting to know how to set one up
text:no jsut reviews on the electronic skeet shooting games available	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the greek god or the pc
text:neither one i am inquiring about the football team	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:im not looking for a president im looking for historical information on the office of the president	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats
text:no i want to know about sore throat home remedies	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for kitchen furniture
text:no i want to know about decorating small spaces	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to learn about the poconos
text:tourist activities	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event
text:no i need the website for raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there a specific product you are looking for from the store
text:i dont know	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes ones that focus primarily on the vietnam veterans memorials virtual tours and databases of the walls inscribed names	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need an exact definition
text:no i need information and evidence for continental drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a second hand music store near you
text:no looking for good places to sell used trombones	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a political debate
text:yes to be precise to read about the debate between barack obama and john mccain	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how hot the sun is
text:yes and i would like to know other information about the sun	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for a specific job or the job search site
text:am looking for the job search site	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a certain inuyasha character
text:no	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels
text:yes	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need information on accessories for the hp mini 2140
text:no i need the specifications	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in
text:no just show me any recalls on these kinds of products	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for smoking alternative products
text:not directly but that info may be an offshoot of what im seeking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140
text:i dont know	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack
text:no i want to know the symptoms of a heart attack	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to attend the indiana state fair
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located
text:yes	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act
text:no i want information on who to contact regarding employment discrimination	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to take a class about raised gardens
text:no i want the kits	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules
text:yes what are the rules for liquids	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like the idaho state flower coloring page
text:no only the name of the state flower	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels
text:no i just want to know what are good and bad levels	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:no i would like a list of toilet manufacturers	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:id like to see maps and geographic images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater
text:yes and its specifics	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:from any 4 or 5 star rated companies	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for paralegal job opportunities
text:no am lookiong for information on training for paralegals	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in types of pvc pipe
text:yes specifically their various fittings	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a list of available new york hotels
text:yes specifically in long island	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for a map of afghanistan
text:no i want information about the war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:no i want to know more about bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know more about ldl
text:no i need to know how vldl levels are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what are you using the design for
text:a tattoo	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in figs health benefits
text:no	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government
text:state	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what type of accomodations are you looking for
text:i am looking for aircraft information about the uss yorktown	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in kansas city mo tourism
text:no im interested in hotel lodging in kansas city mo	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to learn basics for sewing
text:no i am looking for sewing patterns	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there a specific product you are looking for from the store
text:no i need their web site please	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born
text:yes i am interested in all biographical information about ralph owen brewster	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you referring to the injury
text:yes i which to know how many hip fravtures are reported yearly	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:no just a schedule of tournaments	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:is there a specific type of fact that you want to know
text:i would like to know the size of uranus	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from
text:no just reviews	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like reasons not to invest in an indexed annuity
text:yes and reasons to do so as well	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes
text:no i am looking for a street map of the neighborhood called flushing in ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains
text:no i want a map showing lodgings in the poconos region	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to identify a moth
text:i dont know i want to know what moth eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested to fill a survey for them
text:not at thois time just take me to their hompage	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for windows
text:i want to see a tutorial describing how to install weather stip on automobile windows and doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:which tv and computer information would you like to know more about
text:how to stream tv on a computer	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about
text:i would like to learn about his entire family tree	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the cost of treatment
text:yes i want to know the cost of treatment for lymphona in dogs	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in coloring books
text:maybe just pictures	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering where to find moths
text:no i want to identify different types moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a map of hotels
text:no i need to book a room on times square	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want the history of fickle creek farm
text:no i want to know where fickle creek farm is and how i get there	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for any specific pictures
text:no just looking for pictures about the usbject in general	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:
text:	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the business near you
text:im not sure if professional maintenance is required	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:will you like to know the most popular dog
text:i need to find some puppies of popular breeds	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:no avon products	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos
text:no only health problems related to exposure	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:do you want to learn how to recycle lead acid batteries
text:yes i do	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what kind of aircrafts would you like to know about
text:i want information on the uss yorktown exhibit	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what part of unc do you want info on
text:the chapel hill athletics program	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know some basic tips for sewing
text:yes beginner tips	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a specific type of coin that interests you
text:no specific type id like ot know more about how to start collecting	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know what vines for shade are available in your region
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:how far back do you want to learn about black history
text:im only interested in recent history	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know who owns the company imclone
text:no im looking for information about martha stewarts involvement with them	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what brand of cell phones are you interested in
text:im not looking for a specific brand i want to know what free ones are available	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:yes id like to know some excercises that would be recommended for forearm pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you want to see the store catalogue
text:no just give me the store locations	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you interested in the music man
text:yes i am looking for current performances of the music man	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:would you like to know first symptoms
text:yes i would like information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know more about their responsibilities
text:no i need to know what is required to become a state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in buying a new atari game console
text:no just reading about the history	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:
text:	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what other features are you looking for in a condo
text:nothing besides being on the oceanfront let me know whats available	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to read some reviews about american military university
text:no i want to know registration requirements	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you pay child support in indiana
text:no i need a list of law firms in indiana that deal with child support	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for any specific venues in porterville
text:no i need colleges or postsecondary institutions	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:would like to know about any specific sports team
text:no i would like to know about the teams at porterville high school in california	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in
text:yes in times square	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:
text:	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for things to do around that area
text:no i want to find out how do i reserve the orange county convention center for an event	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a certain store location
text:no just science teaching toys for kids sold by discovery channel stores	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to listen to songs from the music man
text:no i would like the lyrics to songs from the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:is arkadelphia in the name of the health club
text:no not necessarily	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on materials needed
text:no i am looking for pictures of raised garden beds not the materials needed	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see videos by the pastor
text:no i am looking for information about a presidential debate	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:no i am trying to find information on test preperation for the sat	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for details about disneyland hotels
text:yes i would like to hear reviews of the hotels	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton
text:no	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv
text:no i want to watch shows on my computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:what are you trying to learn about diabetes
text:no	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park
text:yes	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing
text:no i want to know what the early signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know if you can grow vines in shade
text:no i want ideas for using vines to create shade	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:i would like to know if my internet service is inexpensive	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to see local spca or humane societies
text:yes i would like to see the local humane society organization that has dogs for adoption	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:yes i want to see barbados history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to know the penguins schedule
text:not the hockey penguins i need pictures of penguins from the movie madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari computer system would you like to know about
text:i dont know	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show
text:yes i would like to see summaries of the episodes of er the tv show	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick
text:yes i would like to have this information	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance
text:yes i want to know the price for long term insurance	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to know how to become a dj
text:no i want to know what jobs are available for disc jockeys	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you referring to playstation 2 games
text:yes what sites announced some new ones	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:i am looking for bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you interested in historical medical treatment for sore throats
text:no more in line with cures outside the medical establishment	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to buy some parts for this equipment
text:i want to see the reviews first	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to find out how much you owe
text:no i just want to know which states levy a tax against tangible personal property	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to build a scooter
text:no i am not	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:where in pocono are you interested in
text:i dont know but tell me about the split rock resort in the poconos	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in a specific part of a home
text:nothing about the home just tell me about the movie the wall its about pink floyd	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like directions to local rock and gem shows
text:just general information on clubs that host them	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat
text:no i would like a lodging map of hte poconos pa region	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for a car raffles in your area
text:no i am looking for raffles hotel in dubuai	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the nearest vet that can help
text:i dont know	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:were you looking for the causes of hip fractures
text:no i want to see treatment options and recovery prognoses	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:
text:	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:are you interested in how frank lloyd wright became an architect
text:i just need some general information about his life from birth to death and everything in between	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:no just the homepage	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:
text:	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:i am unable to answer that with any certainty	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms
text:yes thats exactly what im looking for	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wondering what causes sore throat
text:no i would like any information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm
text:just general information about the farm	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company
text:no just the customer service info	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need direction to your new york hotel
text:no i want to book a room at a hotel located on times square	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the animal or the hockey team
text:i am interested in the animal	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to know the cause of it
text:no i am looking for support groups for fybromyalgia not causes of the disease	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington
text:yes also please provide any other rock and gem show clubs	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no i want the homepage of the hospital	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the basics of septic system design
text:no alternatives to the basic design	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what a designer dog breed is
text:no i would like pictures of various designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:do you want to know what specific purposes the observatories serve
text:yes also the history of the observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:no i want free sample exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to a medical condition for your pet
text:no	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:no just some exercises to help with the pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:no i want the barbados underground homepage	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in condos in sale
text:yes in miami	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia
text:no	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you need directions to your local vet
text:no i am interested in symptoms of heat strokes in dogs	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna
text:no i want to go to the home page	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:what information about east ridge high school are you looking for
text:i am interested in a description of the sports facilities at east ridge high school in woodbury mn	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like written instructions or a video
text:either one is fine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you experiencing a heart attack
text:i dont know	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know the purpose of the test
text:yes and what is the test specifically	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:i dont know im looking for information on a specific forum	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website
text:no take me to a site with job listing in michigan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary
text:no i am trying to figure out where the cemetary is located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:no i would like to know more about bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm
text:i would like to know where fickle creek farm is and also hoe to ge there	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you want to know about ron howards acting career
text:no i want to know about his family	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company
text:yes i would like to know martha stewarts role in imclone	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:
text:	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on materials needed
text:yes i need to know the type of wood	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the business near you
text:no i am interested in the underground chamber and its relation to septic systems	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:no i want the homepage of bellevue college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what type of website do you need
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona
text:no i need the arizona game and fish department homepage	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles
text:no i need the homepage for their website	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy a book about raised gardens
text:no i am looking for a raised garden bed kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy a book about raised gardens
text:no i want plans for building a raised garden bed	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a map of the bart system
text:no i need a website where i can use the bart system to plan a trip	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for anything specific of a tv show
text:no i am looking for a map of the vanuata islands	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on ebay
text:i am interested in good places to sell a used trombone	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain
text:i am looking for a site which has free dns hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i am trying to buy tickets to the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know where worms come from
text:i just want information on the conficker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:no i am looking for solutions to a broken toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha cosplay
text:i dont know	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity
text:none i want to go to the homepage	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters education
text:is there a connection between howard huges and ralph owen brewster	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know how to use it
text:no i want to find out what different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:i want to know about the prime minister	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles college of design
text:no take me to the raffles hotel singapore homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer
text:i want reviews on specific elliptical machines	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:no i am looking for info on bellvue hospital in new york	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no i need materials on teaching and learning korean	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:no i am interested in all kabob recipes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut
text:yes id like to know the most common jobs in connecticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard
text:no i want to know what shows he acted in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:im unable to answer that but my query is related to forearm pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for prepaid phones
text:yes i want to know which companies sell them and what choices there are as well as any information onprepaid cell phones	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado safety
text:no i need information on how they are forecasted	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a hotel near porterville
text:no i want to learn about the panthers sports teams at porterville high school	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for any specific pictures
text:i want to find music from inuyasha	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:yes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018
text:no i want to see the gs pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for listings with a particular skill set
text:im looking for listings which fit a specific description but not one related to skill set	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:i want to know the population of bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need any specific information on health insurance
text:yes the homepage of county medical services program of sonoma county	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for specific courses
text:yes i only want courses that are required to become a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor
text:i need biographical information for ron howard	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work
text:i want to know which movies ron howard is the director of	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:yes	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:
text:	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what year model are you looking for
text:i dont know	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history books
text:no i am interested in finding poetry by maya angelou	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you know someone named rick warren
text:not personally but i know of someone named rick warren	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles
text:no i am looking for a raffles page	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know who painted the last supper painting
text:i want to know more about the symbolism of the painting	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific hotel you are looking for
text:no just where they are located	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to know the symptoms associated with bites from different kinds of spider
text:no i want to know how to identify a spider bite	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater
text:no i am interested in sears kenomore gas water heater owner manuals	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters background
text:i dont know	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:what type of furniture are you looking for
text:i dont know	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat
text:no	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing
text:i want to go to the arizona game and fish departments website	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know the cost of internet phone service
text:yes i want free internet phone service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:will this be for an adult or child
text:an adult	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you interested in applying for federal jobs
text:no i am interested in knowing if the federal wage system affects the general schedule not in applying for jobs	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information
text:no i am looking for opinions	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the country where rice was created
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling
text:no i want to know more about madam c j walkers life history	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know about a specific person
text:no i want to know about black history month activities	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:no bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a specific place here
text:what schools are in the portervilel ca area	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries
text:no i would like to know how butter and margarine are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule
text:no	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows
text:no	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found
text:no im looking for dealers that will sell or rent bobcat equipment to me	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about
text:im looking for an antenna that works with a cb radio	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know about normal heart rate
text:no	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you referring to playstation 2 games
text:yes i am	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the size of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to know what events are held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for product recalls
text:no im looking for retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:the current president	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in indiana child support
text:yes i need help calculating it	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:did you want to know the order of the seven deadly sins
text:no i just want to know what the deadly sins are	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:would you like to know how it functions
text:ye i would	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to use butter and margarine in baking
text:what are the nutritional differences between butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:a total cholesterol of 180 to 200 mgdl 10 to 111 mmoll or less is considered best levels between 70 and 189 mgdl 39 and 105 mmoll are most often considered too high
text:i want to know the difference between ldl hdl and vldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others
text:no i want to find out how to become a student there	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:yes i am looking for kabob recipes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about which sports espn covers
text:no i am looking for baseball information only	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know the purpose of the test
text:yes i want to know what it measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits
text:no i want the statistics of then iowa food stamp program	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:what dates are you planning on traveiing
text:this is not related to my search as i only want the general rules about liquids on carry onbags	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth
text:no i want to view the da vincis last supper in milan italy	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv
text:no i want to find games based on the series	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:
text:	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wondering what causes sore throat
text:no im looking for the cures to a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts
text:yes i want the homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for jobs in richland
text:no the home page of the pacific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:is your search referring to a condition of the neck
text:no i want information on a lipoma	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the temperature of uranus
text:yes plus other facts suitable for elementary to middle school students	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes
text:the symptoms for lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need any specific information on health insurance
text:no i want to know what services are provided	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you interested in the human services department
text:possibly specifically i need information on health care coverage for low income residents in sonoma county	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to register a domain name
text:no i want to learn how to design a web site	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for neil young tour dates
text:no i want to know biographical information	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know where you can get cpr certified
text:nope want to know what is required to get a hunting license online from the michigan department of natural resources	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer
text:yes	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want themed maps
text:current satelite maps and pictures please	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you seek further information on lab breeders
text:no i want to know who operates the company pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for the location of michworks
text:joblisting for michigan please	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know about butter and margarine making process
text:no just give me nutritional information	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no thanks i want to know about it as a nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you curious about rock and gem shows
text:yes i am interested in the gem shows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information in different types that can be made
text:no i am looking for photos	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like a list of common interview questions
text:no	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms
text:yes i want to know what causes them	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know the various diseases of the joints
text:no i want to know the different types of joint for woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school
text:yes	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know about the source of the video game
text:no i wouldl like information on the feud between speke and burton over the discovery of the source of the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no i am looking for information on companies that make bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know how to perform this test
text:no i am looking for the purpose of the sit and reach test	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting
text:no information on ticket sales	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:
text:	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:i dont know just tell me where i can find a selection of kohler wall hung toilets please	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:yes and comparisons to other products	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information related to music notation and written music
text:no i want to know the origins of how music developed	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need more information about different kinds of air travel
text:i need the rules for carry on luggage	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:no	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in cartography
text:no i need sat maps and photos	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what area are you asking about
text:i dont know	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:ae you looking for examples of septic system design
text:no not examples of ones that exist but are there alternatives to the existing designs on the market	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english
text:no i am looking for the nba basketball rankings and scores	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you looking for the information about split rock restore
text:no i would like a map that shows places to stay in poconos pa	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for weather in arkansas
text:no i am looking for arkansas tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know about normal heart rate
text:yes and also what causes it to increase and decrease	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for companies to build a fence for you
text:no i would like to find retail stores where i can purchase materials for a fence	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in buying or selling an mgb
text:no i want to learn more about the model	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history figures
text:yes and a timeline of african american history	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc
text:no i want to know what pvc is	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:no i want information about bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you seeking support of a child in indiana
text:i am looking for the rules and procedures for child support in indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no i am referring to another aspect of the korean language	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoo mail
text:no i need to get information on yahoo the company	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to know the cause of it
text:no i do not need to know the cause of fybrmyalgia just the symptoms	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the library
text:yes i want to know what time they open and close during the weekend	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am looking for a list of companies that offer gmat prep classes	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater
text:yes i need to know the price information for the kenmore gas water heaters	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system
text:i want to know which agencies use the general schedule pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:
text:	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know who can be buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:that doesnt matter i want to know about cheap providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:
text:	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for any specific venues in porterville
text:no	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you know what a heart attack is
text:yes i want to know about how the signs differ by sex	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no just general information about bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need recommendations for djs
text:yes djs that mostly play hiphop	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in any specific city in florida
text:yes i am interested in miami beach	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:would you like a list of news articles
text:no i want to know information regarding a tribe that used to live in alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no i want ot find out what ecercises are reccomended that help with forearn pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a history of solar eclipses
text:no im looking for the uk newspaper the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you searching for your sat scores
text:no i want general information about sat scores	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:what is your price range
text:i dont know the answer to this	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a dealer in a specific location
text:no i need informations about the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard
text:no i want to buy parts online	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know what channel espn is
text:no	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i want to know where i can get free materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:
text:	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:no	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:no	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for any legal information
text:no i am looking for the most common jobs in connecticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see symptoms of this
text:yes i want information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific movie
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies
text:no i would like to know which companies offer free or the cheapest web hosting	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer
text:no im looking for the benefits of an elliptical trainer	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:i just want general info on ocd	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which inuyasha characters are you interested in
text:i am interested in all images of inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service
text:no i want to know about free internet phone servce	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas history
text:no give me arkansas tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the location of the headquarters of the company bobcat
text:no that woulnt help me	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan
text:no i need information about afghanistans history government religion and culture	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:where would you like your raffle to take place
text:thats not what i mean	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes
text:yes specifically ones for a crockpot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:yes for grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want a map of south africa
text:no i want pictures of south africa not a map	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:
text:	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to do in the poconos
text:i need a list of lodgings in the area shown on a map	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for a specific model or part
text:maybe but i jsut asked for the manual in general	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show
text:no i want to know where i can download or watch episodes online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to buy parts online or in person
text:online	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located
text:yes and i would like directions to the fairgrounds from my home	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want information on jobs in arkansas
text:no please give me information on universities colleges	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:
text:	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery
text:sure can you tell me everything about it	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black history
text:yes specifically a timeline of black america	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to buy it online
text:no i want to know about arranging furniture in small spaces	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:would you like to see info about the kansas city southern railway
text:no kcs energy	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the page for the chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california
text:no i am looking for the clubs that host the shows	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:
text:	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to know about the tennessee titans
text:no i want information on titan brand watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon
text:im looking for the yellowstone volcano observatory web site	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for instructions on how to use your gps device
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs
text:no i am looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to see a list of atari games
text:yes	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are your referring to damages sustained due to hurrican irene flooding in manville nj
text:yes that is what im referring to	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term
text:best long term care insurance	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in child support resources
text:no i need to calculate my obligation	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:yes and the homepage for the supporters of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know more about growing figs
text:yes	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for our schedule of classes or events
text:no i dont need that information	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:im not sure if i would consider meds	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for
text:i want to know everything about the history of afghanistan	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you interested in law school
text:i would like to know what training is required to become a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:
text:	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to book a flight
text:no	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in the movie raffles
text:no the hotel raffles in dubai	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:i am looking for a toilet for my home	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:where in pocono are you interested in
text:i am interested in the race track	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design
text:no im interested in septic system design alternatives	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in heavy trucks part
text:im not sure	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:i just want to know if dial up is still an option	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:how fast do you want the coverage to grow
text:i dont know	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for flights to vanuatu
text:no i need a map	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Find symptoms of heart attack	labels:would you like to know symptoms that are common in men or common in women
text:i would like to know what the symptoms are that are common in both men and women	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:
text:	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps
text:yes car navigation systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:what percentage of dark chocolate in one serving that you would like to know
text:i would like to know the health benefits of eating dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor
text:na	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in
text:i am interested in the civil rights act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what type of accomodations are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music
text:neither i want to know about the history of classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to know more about throat cancer
text:yes	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are there any specific details that you are trying to find out
text:i want to see the wikipedia page	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:in atlantic city and their schedules	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:no i want the full tilt poker website please	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:no just personal stories	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden
text:no i want to see photos of them	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want the name of one person
text:no just a general history of rock and roll	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:no i need to find historical information about the office of the president of the united states	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need more information about the sat test
text:yes i am trying to find general information about the sats	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:have you been to the poconos before
text:i dont know	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are there any specific details that you are trying to find out
text:information to give to a class of fifth graders	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:no just in general	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:is the secret garden a book you are interested in
text:no am only interested in tv and movie adaptations of the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to know more about the short story by g k chesterton
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro
text:no i am looking for information on a product recall of boflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event
text:im interested in a biography of sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you seek further information on lab breeders
text:no	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are
text:yes i need information about hip fractures specifically in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland
text:no i want information on michigan dnr	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which family members of obama are you interested in learning more about
text:i am interested in learning about where obamas parents and grandparents came from	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want more information about the sandy actors theater
text:no i am interested in the scholastic aptitude test	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know the size of the planet
text:na	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for lapidary classes
text:no im looking for rock and gem shows	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine
text:no but how to make them	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:are you looking for a comparison graph of average charitable donations
text:no just the number please	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:i dont know	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:
text:	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no id like to learn to fix my toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer
text:i would just like to go to the homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:according to anima the bible or what other source
text:i am not sure of the source what are the seven deadly sins	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for a specific job or the job search site
text:im looking for the job search site in michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital
text:no just information on the alexian brothers lay order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty
text:no i want to know about the the type of cb antennas they sell	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning how to read your credit report
text:i am interested in learning to read my credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wanting directions to porterville
text:no i want information about the panthers sports teams at porterville high	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on ebay
text:i am interested in buying one and it does not have to be ebay	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut
text:yes i need to know how to apply there	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced
text:yes i would be interested on where the bowflex power pro is produced	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:
text:	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in coloring books
text:no im interested in information about dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for paralegal job opportunities
text:i am trying to find out what duties are associated with the paralegal position	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know the first song ever recorded
text:i dont know	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for an application on this topic
text:no i am just looking for general information	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:no i want to know the symptoms	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a certain area that you need information on specifically
text:i need background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no i want sites about the movie alien versus predator	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city
text:no casinos	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona
text:no i want a hunting guide or outfitter in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in penguin vape
text:no the penguins from the movie madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in how pvc is made
text:i need information on premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no i need to find places to buy irons for clothing	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you neeed dry wall products
text:no i need infromation on the vietnam veterans memorial in washington dc	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park
text:no i want to know more about the causes of excessive facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you on a road trip
text:no	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:do you want to know the types of prescribed antipsychotic drugs
text:i am looking for treatment drugs for schizophrenia at different stages	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like to read reviews about michworks
text:no i need job openings in michagan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for living room furniture
text:no	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:no i need to know how to grill chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:no i need information on recommended exercises	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:no	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo
text:yes especially casinos	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:do you want a job in dutchess county
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you referring to the nile river
text:no the board game called the source of the nile	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs
text:i would like pictures	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there
text:i dont know i am looking for tickets for indiana state fairgrounds events i am not sure if im looking for a specific event	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need study information from professors
text:i dont know	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm
text:yes i want only information on the animal worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:are you looking for current playing list
text:no i want to find the homepage of the current magazine in san antonio tx	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:do you want to know what madagascar is famouss for
text:yes	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:will you like to know the most popular dog
text:no	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:
text:	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely
text:i would like to know where tornadoes commonly occur	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage
text:im looking for the time magazine photo essay called barack obamas family tree	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you interested in staying here for certain dates
text:yes what sorts of package deals from disneyland area hotels are there	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair
text:no im looking for information on madam cj walker	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:what place do you want a map of
text:the entire world	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:no i already know how to play	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you purchasing pork tenderloin today
text:i dont know	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific dinosaur
text:no i want to see all of them	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:no i want access to free sample gmat eams for practice	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you interested to teach sewing to children
text:i just want to learn to use a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims
text:no i am looking for law firms offering services relevant to child support	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want stores selling elliptical trainer
text:no i want to know which elliptical trainers are the best	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to book a stay here
text:im not sure about that but the info im seeking is disneyland related	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:
text:	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in cartography
text:yes specifically where i can find free printable maps	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you interested in the accuracy of the gps
text:no i am looking for the reviews of the gps units	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need any specific information for controlling moths
text:no i want to know what moth eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know when espn started
text:no tell me about fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:no i want to know about medications that treat ocd	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:
text:	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know what is in a credit report
text:no i want to know how to dispute my credit report	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:are you interested in what george bush srs policies were
text:no i would like biographical about george bush sr	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what is your price range
text:i dont know	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:were you looking for how cell phones work
text:no which vendors offer which free phones	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed
text:no just want to know which designer breeds are small or toy dog hybrids	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library
text:yes i would	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the titans from titanfall
text:no im referring to saturns moon called titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like to see pictures or videos of dinosaurs
text:i would like to see pictures of dinosaurs on the discovery channels website	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier
text:no im looking for a specific phone with variable carriers	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:what activities in dutchess county were you interested in
text:anything give me general tourism information	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located
text:no i need to know what events are going to be at the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word
text:tell me about yahoo the company	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:yes i want to find a koreanenglish bilingual dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from hamlet
text:yes im interested in the famous text	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to see resorts and casinos in the french lick area
text:i need to know what jobs are available at french lick casino and resortresorts and casino	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no i am looking for iron defeciency information	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is this for an emergancy
text:no i am trying to locate the home webpage for the county medical services program of sonoma county california	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like more info on tsa guidelines
text:yes	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for specific fanrelated information
text:no i want games based on inuyasha	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you interested in neil youngs history
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019
text:i am looking for a list of rock and gem shows in 2019	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no i need information on the avon products company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:do you want a list of dinosaur names
text:no i just want dinosaurs that i can color	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a playlist of mothers days songs
text:yes and the names of the artists	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for the age of rick warren
text:no im looking for the homepage of his book named the purpose driven life	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the search engine
text:yes yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know how others have used that quote
text:no i want a analysis of it	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business
text:no	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you want to know about ron howards acting career
text:yes and other biographical information	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for natural remedies for a sore throat
text:yes	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for dinosaur books
text:i am looking for dinosaur coloring	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about kagome higurashi
text:no im looking for websites and fan forums for inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit
text:cannot answer	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year
text:no i want to know how to become one	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for information on the origins of the company
text:no i would like the contact information for the company	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know how to prevent these signs
text:no just if the signs differ for a man and woman	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to see images of the idaho state flower
text:yes please	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know how to prevent these signs
text:no i want to know what the signs of a heart attack are themselves	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in buying a new atari game console
text:if i can learn more of the arcade games	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for our schedule of classes or events
text:no just the website	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a map of the bart system
text:yes	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order
text:no thats not the alexian brothers that im looking for	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:i would like to find texas holdem tournaments	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:no i would like to know how to grill fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:do you want to know where dark chocolate is made
text:no i am interested in its health benefits from consuming	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report
text:yes i believe i do	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:no i just want to research what types of toilets are available	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital
text:yes specifically where they are located	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to take a sat prep class
text:no i want to register for the sat	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for multiple health clubs in arkadelphia ar
text:yes	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what images of joints would you like to see
text:i would like the joints in wood working	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:no just the medications to treat it	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need the website for the university of phoenix
text:no i want to know which programs the school offers	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found
text:no i am looking for bobcat brand tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what events are you interested in on the uss yorktown
text:i am intrested in the exhibit	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you seaching for east ridge high school community education
text:no i am looking for demographics of east ridge high school in lick creek kentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials
text:no	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:no i need recipes for cooking kabobs	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl
text:no i am looking for the one in east	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:i could be is there just general information on how to do better on the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona
text:yes	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes how about the one with the best prices	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be a tall fence or short fence
text:i dont know	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores
text:no i am interested in the homepage for titatan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for a chain or botique hotel
text:it just needs to be inexpensive i dont care what type	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know more about the different types of ocd
text:i want to know about ocd in children	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for research papers
text:no i am looking for info about the scientific user facilities	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment
text:no tell me who to contact about complaints	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need to find out how to organize your pantry
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight
text:i want air travel tips in general from the tsa	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to learn about the poconos
text:nothing i want to find places to stay	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know how to become one
text:no i want to know their mission	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:no	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the location of unc
text:i am looking to view athletic reports from the university of north carolina chapel hill	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:no i want jobs availlabe in djy in general	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:where are you looking to mount the antenna
text:i cant answer this	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you interested in any specific events here
text:no i am interested in all events held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to see a chart to help you identify spider bites
text:yes please	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to obtain used car parts
text:no i am looking for sources	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack
text:no i would like to see the early signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in the histroy behind it
text:yes particularly any interesting facts	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax online
text:no i just want to know where i can find information online about filing my taxes	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:are you interested in the side effects of the common schizophrenia drugs
text:i am more interested in knowng what drugs are commonly used for schizophrenia	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park
text:no i want information on flushing ny	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:no give me the mailing adddress for the president	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:no i want to find fansites for alien vs predator	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:are you interested in how wiki is used
text:yes what is a wiki used for	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:no i just want to know about the history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers
text:no i would like to know the benefits of an elliptical trainer	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you having trouble quitting somking
text:i want to know how to quit	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat
text:no id like more information about throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know where to buy one
text:no i need information of the bowflex power pro	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is
text:yes along with some photos	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is on the map
text:no about the war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:
text:	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the cast of the music man
text:no i would like the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration
text:yes	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:no im looking for companies that provide satellite television	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery
text:yes	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay
text:no i want to read biographical stuff on him	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know the legality of dnr
text:no i want to know how i implement them	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment
text:i need to find a place i can buy a bowflex power pro	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of les miserables from london
text:sure as long as they are movie reviews	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to lipomassage
text:no malignant lipolysis or lipoma	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:yes i would like sample tests	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need a phone number
text:no im looking for their homepage	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know who owns espn
text:no i want information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in coloring books
text:yes dinosaur coloring books	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like to know of upcoming concert dates
text:no i want to know the names of the members of the beatles	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking into price difference of companies in your area
text:no i am looking for free internet phone service specifically	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know when the civil rights movement began
text:no i am interested in the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:would you like the evolution of men or women
text:both men and women in relation to current theories and data on evolution	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:no i want to know about elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific sport
text:yes i need information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the insane person across the street
text:no	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs
text:i would like to know some effects of excessive heat on dogs	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a specific designer dog breed
text:no i am looking for what kinds of designer dog breeds there are not one specific one	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:what type of furniture are you looking for
text:i am looking for the use of mirrors in interior design for small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know the history of the cemetery	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:what division of michworks are you interested in
text:im looking for information about unemployment services	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the home page of the pacific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:what type of equipment do you have to look for them
text:i want to know the best places to find mushrooms	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay
text:no i want to find tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:no i want to buy iron supplements and need to know which websites i can visit to buy them	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for furniture for a specific room
text:no	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for the records for culpeper national cemetary
text:no i would like to know the history of the culpepper naional cemetery	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to see inuyasha manga
text:i need to find inuyasha games series either online or for game systems	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv
text:no i am looking for inuyasha downloads	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for a local educational program
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission
text:no i want information about hunting and fishing regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:yes i would like to see price range	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:is there a certain type of dj you are looking for
text:no i want to know what kind of jobs djs can work	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:would you like to know what a conficker is
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about blushing
text:no i said flushing not blushing flushing ny	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need the address of jax chemical company
text:no i want to see their website	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you referring to the movie
text:posibily	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for showtimes for the music man
text:no i would like to see the script	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you looking for a world atlas
text:yes i am looking for an online world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins
text:no i am looking for images of the aquatic animal	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate
text:no i would like to know what causes your heart to beat slower or faster	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know some basic tips for sewing
text:yes i am interested in materials for teaching sewing to children	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:no i want to know where to get iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour
text:no just want info of the aircraft carrier	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew a dress
text:no i want instructions on how to use a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:are you doing research on volcano observatories
text:yes i would like to know the history of the hawaii volcano observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see symptoms of this
text:no	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:how big do you want the flames to be
text:i dont know	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to shakespear
text:yes i would like quotes from shakespear	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 games prices
text:no i am more interested in the types of websites that announces new releases	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a mythbusters product
text:no only on the animal planet program	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns temperature
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in the movie raffles
text:no i need the raffles hotel homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:which type of diabetes do you want to learn about
text:just take me to the nih diabetes education program page for now	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i need information on the hallmark visitors center in kansas city	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know about a specific person
text:no i would like names of different famous african american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know how many different types of worms there are
text:no i would like to find information about computer viruses and worms	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information
text:no i want to go to the arizona state fish and game comissions homepage	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets
text:no just the website of tourism	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil
text:no im looking for a septic system contractor	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements
text:no i am looking for reviews and commentary by students	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents
text:yes	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:do you need directions somewhere
text:no i want to look at reviews	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:
text:	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to watch an inuyasha movie
text:yes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:did you need clarification on your tax return
text:no	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried
text:no i would like information on the different types of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what historic period would you like information pertaining to
text:world war 2 specifically information on uss yorktown aircraft carriers	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in what draws a moth to flame
text:no i just want pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the lab in seattle
text:im not sure	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:an artificial body placed in orbit around the earth or moon or another planet in order to collect information or for communition	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know major landmark dates
text:no i dont need anything related to dates	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule
text:no information on the different sporting activities	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no this is not a subject that i wish to know about	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for something to read
text:no im looking for activities	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want more information about the sandy actors theater
text:no i want more information about the sat exam	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:what time are you wanting to visit this clinic
text:im not sure yet just tell me what services they provide in general	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs
text:no what does it mean for a dog to be in heat the reproductive sense	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:yes and i want to see which part may be hurting	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you considering purchasing an indexed annuity
text:nowhat is an indexed annuity or the advantages and disadvantages of indexed annuities what kinds are available	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog
text:no just information on the topic	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering when uranus was discovered
text:id like to find facts and opinions about the planet uranus	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to know how much it costs to stay here
text:yes and the name and locations of hotels	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for some photos
text:yes am looking for penguin photos	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:would you like to know the average charitable donation based on income level in 2019
text:no base it on any income	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no i want information about man made satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need directions to east ridge high school
text:no	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements
text:yes	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:did you want to search for a specific site
text:no i want to view all sites in my history	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you interested in the farm fresh tours
text:no i want the website for dutchess county tourism	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company
text:not necessarly unless it has to do with the insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to buy a scooter
text:i just want to know about the differences between brands right now	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what is the doctors name at this facility that you want
text:i want to know the doctors name at the alenican brothers hospital	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:do you want to know what causes mad cow disease
text:no im interested in knowng about the its symptoms in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like directions to flushing new york
text:no i need information	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return
text:yes	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in visiting kansas city
text:no i want to visit the chiefs homepage	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to play atari arcade games online
text:no	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of the les miserables movie
text:yes	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to learn about weather stripping
text:yes specifically on doors and cars	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you looking for furniture
text:no i need information on the merger between kcs energy inc and petrohawk energy corporation	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:what would you like to know about wiki software
text:i would like to know everything about what a wiki article is	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to find online tv streaming services
text:yes i would like to stream channels and shows that i can watch on my computer	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the size of uranus
text:no i am looking fo rlesson content or interactive sitesabout uranus	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:no im interested in cheap service providers	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:did you need clarification on your tax return
text:no i want information about filing my tax return	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library
text:no i dont want to reserve a space but i do need some sherwood regional library information	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:i am interested in people with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for weather in arkansas
text:no	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for any specific venues in porterville
text:no i need to find the potervilles newspaper the recorder	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth
text:yes and other information	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:i just want to know about what resources are out there right now	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:no i want fish recipies	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for a map of afghanistan
text:yes i am	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to sell used car parts
text:no im not selling anything i want information about parts for commercial trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:no i am looking for the website for the barbados underground	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you interested in specific old coins
text:im interested about old us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the author
text:no im referring to the debate	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking to organize your course work
text:no i want information on office supplies to help declutter and organize	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library
text:just the address	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used
text:i dont understand your question	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want espn sports corporate information
text:no	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:no i am asking about avon products	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims
text:no i want to calculate how much i owe in child support in indiana	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for
text:i am looking for opinions on the case not a television episode	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in music streaming
text:no id like information on the history of rock and roll	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin
text:i do not know based on this information	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:what kind of medium do you want this information to be in
text:i want you to tell me	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan
text:no tell me whos eligible for a 403b plan	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:
text:	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:what entity are you referring to with this acrocym
text:kcs energy	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what area are you asking about
text:i dont know	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:
text:	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules
text:yes i would like a list of restrictions for carryon luggage	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for an image for lipoma
text:yes i am searching for images of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140
text:i want to know the specifications	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in heavy trucks part
text:no i need to find the carpartcom website	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want a condo for vacation or to live in
text:i need condos for sale in miami fla	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need the address of east ridge high school
text:i need the race information on the students of east ridge high school located in lick creek kentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in figs health benefits
text:yes	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you intereted in the diet of bobcats
text:sure that might be interesting	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you really reffering to mothra
text:no i want to know what moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:yes bellevue hospital center in new york ny please	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you pay child support in indiana
text:im not sure	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know more about animals that present lipomas
text:posibily	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:
text:	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to rent a scooter
text:no im looking for kids scooters that are for sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos
text:i am just looking for activities to do there	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like historical information about afghanistan
text:yes specifically information about the war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:
text:	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:yes i am interested if there are any providers who still sell dialup	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:which tv and computer information would you like to know more about
text:which tv shows and streaming shows can i watch on my computer	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you searching for your sat scores
text:no im looking on instructions for registering to take the exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in paid services
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on best climate for specific plants
text:no i want plans for building a raised garden bed	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:
text:	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know more about their responsibilities
text:i want to fill out a customer satisfaction survey for the tennesse highway state trooper	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what season of er are you interested in
text:the ones i can dowload and watch online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what do you want to use the antenna for
text:it doesnt matter find reviews of wilson antennaes	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no just give me information on low carb dieting	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific league
text:no general information on fantasy football leagues is what i need	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:
text:	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want more information about the sandy actors theater
text:no tell me about the sat test	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall
text:no im interested in the movie pink floyd the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about madam cj walkers products
text:no just political issues	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:
text:	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on the speeds available in your area
text:no	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance
text:no i want to know what are the different types of policies offered	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:no im searching for herbal supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes
text:no i just need the due date	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library
text:no just the open hours	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i am not i am interested in housing information for outpatients there	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer
text:i want to know which elliptical trainers are best for home use	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4
text:i am interested in ps 2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you trying to compare android to ios
text:no	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in the gt or the roadster
text:no	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:how many facts do you want
text:a few main facts	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers
text:no i am interested in recovery	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:yes and give me other general information on them	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have high blood pressure
text:im not sure	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:yes	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for information on how to quit smoking
text:yes	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for standings of a specific sport
text:i am looking for baseball scores and upcoming baseball games	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard
text:yes i would specifically like to see reviews on the best computer keyboards for gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:no i want to know how to treat it after theyve already been diagnosed	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map
text:no i would like to know where i can buy products from fickle creek farm not where it is	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos
text:i am looking for health symptoms that occur when exposed to asbestos	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in
text:i an interested in the us civil rights movement and in finding out just what exactly was martin luthur king jrs contribution	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:woud you like to know about last supper reproductions
text:i want to know about the last suppers significance int he catholic churchl	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you need treatment information for lipoma
text:yes	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black celebrities
text:just maya angelous poetry	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:
text:	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:are you interested in who george bush srs son is
text:no i want to know about george bush sr	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:what type of furniture are you looking for
text:small furniture that creates the illusion of space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm
text:no i want to know products that they grow or raise there	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:im looking for american standard brand	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no im looking for a map of the fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:
text:	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:no id like to know about satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting
text:none im wanting something free	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business
text:yes i want to find business information about yahoo	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific movie
text:no im looking for a vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:no	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth
text:no	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo
text:which hotels are near the airport in kansas city missouri	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you like to buy stencils online
text:no i would like to find free flame clipart	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:yes i want to find inexpensive dsl providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home
text:no you want to know the benefits of an ellipitical trainer	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens
text:no just information about the flishing neighborhood in queens	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the internet browser
text:no i want to log into my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard
text:yes	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely
text:no im actually wondering how tornadoes are forecast	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know when the civil rights movement began
text:i would like a timeline of the events in the civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes
text:not a class i want reference books informational videos and pamphlets for diabetes	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for any specific pictures
text:i am looking for episodes of the anime series inuyasha	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news
text:no i am looking for the pittsburg penguins homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you on a road trip
text:i need an online world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no what kinds of injuries can cause forearm pain	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to lipomassage
text:no i want to know about lipoma tumors	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters
text:no im interested in online or console inuyashabased games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no i need the avp antivirus homepage	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like a list of new york hotels
text:i would like a list of luxury hotels in new york	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol
text:yes i would like to know all general information about the tn highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to buy a hp mini 2140
text:no i want to find reviews about the hp mini 2140	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am looking for different ways to train for a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:do you have joint pain
text:no wrong kind of joints	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to buy semi truck
text:no	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no i just want to go to their homepage	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:
text:	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i need attachments for bobcat tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:no i am interested in fish grilling tips	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall
text:no i want facts about the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:
text:	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:
text:	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:n i want info on satellite service providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:yes a dictionary on korean and english	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you referring to saturday or the verb
text:no	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want espn sports corporate information
text:no i want information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to buy old coins
text:no i am just looking for information	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for showtimes for the music man
text:no i am looking for recordings of songs from the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like a history of the band
text:no i am interested in the names of the albums they have released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:
text:	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no i am wanting information about avp	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:are you looking for chicken soup made from scratch by famouss chefs
text:it does necessarily have to be from famous chefs but any chicken soup recipe from scratch will do	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo
text:i need them for my website	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview
text:yes i would like examples of thank you letters to send after an interview	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know facts about the creature worm
text:yes the creature worm in nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like prices of elliptical trainer
text:no just the best recommened ones for home use	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet
text:no i am looking for things that are related to the body	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no i am looking for remedies	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want information on his death
text:no i want to see lyrics or sheet music	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs
text:no i neei to know what the symptons are	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for dinosaur books
text:no	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park
text:yes the ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing lowlevel geothermal activity	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:no looking for samples of the gmat exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:
text:	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no just teach me some common korean phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to find retirement financial advisors
text:no information on withdrawal limitations	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to see the retailers selling it
text:no i am looking for different types	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed
text:no i would like to see pictures of designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game
text:no i just want pictures of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier
text:no where can i purchase a phone that has been unlocked	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see symptoms of this
text:no i want to know the causes	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to a medical condition for your pet
text:no i am looking for pictures of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth
text:i need instructions or a kit on what products for making my garden grow	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you need a tool to design the site
text:i need to learn how to design a site	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for
text:i want to find a kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:
text:	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:no	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf
text:yes i need contact information	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some reviews
text:yes i want reviews of the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters
text:yes	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you wanting to know how to set one up
text:no i want information on recalls of skeet shoot games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in a specific part of a home
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what types of ps 2 games do you like to play
text:none i want to know the specifications of the system	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for patches
text:no i am looking for different methods used to stop smoking	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are you looking for before or after results of flooding in manville nj due to hurricane irene
text:yes how has the flooding that resulted from hurricane irene affected manville nj	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility
text:no i just need clarification as to what it is	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need the address of east ridge high school
text:no i am interested in knowing about the sports facilities at east ridge high school	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary
text:where is it located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how low would you like to lower your heart rate
text:no i want to know the cause of faster or slower hear movements	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see alternative retirement accounts
text:no i need the rules for a 403b account	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle
text:no i want to know about the singapore hotel called raffles	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:yes but only regaurding texas holdem tournaments	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want more information about what an indexed annuity is
text:yes	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries
text:no i would like information on the difference between butter and margarin	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need information about furniture arrangement
text:i would like to know the importance of the scale of furniture in small places	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:no im looking for translation resources	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education
text:i would like nutrition and diet information for people with diabetes	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you looking for some fun facts
text:yes	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for events
text:no i am looking for hotels nearby	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how low would you like to lower your heart rate
text:not sure	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:what characterisitc of the flower would you like to learn more about
text:i would like to learn about the entire flower and its pictures	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:when do you want to go to the current chart show
text:i want the current magazine	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service
text:no i want to know who provides it	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how rice is grown
text:no i am interested in the biographical information about former secretary fo state condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is
text:no i want pictures of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to take some courses on web design
text:no i need a web hosting service that is geared towards small businesses	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking to buy the album the wall online
text:no i want information on the movie the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:diabetes education regarding children or adults
text:for now just take me to the nih education homepage	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for a specific event or activity
text:yes activities for black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need information on how to ride the bart
text:yes i need details on how to travel around on bart	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking
text:no i want to know the benefits	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like historical information about afghanistan
text:no i am only interested in maps of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested where to find one
text:no i am interested in any recalls on electronic skeet shooting games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show
text:no i am looking for summaries of episodes from the show er not featured music from the show	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a mythbusters product
text:no i am just interested in store locations	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower
text:i dont know	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:i am talking about a space craft	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:no i need info about the alien versus predator movies	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like an active or relaxed dog
text:im not sure i just want a general to do list before adopting	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:do you want to see a list of frank lloyd wrights most famouss works
text:yes if it includes a biography	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:yes specifically information on their pro beach volleyball tournaments and events	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a hotel i singapore
text:no i want to know sir stamford raffles biography	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like a list of dinosaur movies
text:no go to the dinosaur site on the discovery channel	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to the philosopher aristotole
text:no im talking about shakespeare	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you looking for an interview preparation guide
text:yes this is what i need	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy raised garden supplies
text:i need to know what kind of wood to buy	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic
text:no i want to make an appointment at the clinic	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt dogs for free
text:if possible any organization that has free dogs to adopt	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed
text:no i would like to know the shows he has been in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:
text:	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am looking for general information	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you talking about the stock price of the giant
text:no	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:yes specifically about minister david thompson	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no i am looking for blogs and forums on the gmat	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you looking for some fun facts
text:no i would like a picture of the idaho state flower	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for instructions on how to use your gps device
text:no im looking for customer reviews for handheld gps units and portable navigation systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:no bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know about a specific person
text:no just african americans in general	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:maybe i need the info to make an appointment	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado
text:no	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:no i want manufacturer information for residentail toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know credit report scores
text:i want to know how it is determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see information on fishing in arizona
text:no i would like hunting trip guides and outfitters	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know if it is possible to weather strip a car
text:no i would like to know the most effective method of weather stripping a gargage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:not just to reduce it i want it free	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone
text:yes i would like to know more about that topic	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind
text:no i just want to know how theyre grown	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for wilson antenna parts
text:i want to find the homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information about cholesterol reports
text:yes i would like to know how vldl levels are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial
text:am interested in facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time
text:no im looking for the official site of carpart	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for any specific pictures
text:no i am looking for inuyasha games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you wanting a copy of your credit report
text:yes i want a copy of it	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:yes specifically the medications used to treat it	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information
text:yes i would like contact information on the arizona state fish and game commission	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you interested in finding out the difference between an indexed and variable annuity
text:no	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you interested in a specific type of product
text:yes surface treatment products that jax chemical company manufactures	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which part of volvo are you interested in
text:i want an online source for all volvo parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like me to contact them for you
text:no please provide me the link for the customer satisfaction survey	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know how to get to south africa
text:no i would like pictures of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking
text:no just the efficacy of quitting cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know barack obamas geneology
text:yes i want to know who made up his family	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:yes i need information on tournaments	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for attractions near porterville
text:no i am looking for schools in porterville ca	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon
text:yes specificallyshows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on how to keep your credit report good
text:no i want information on how to dispute credit report information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you seaching for east ridge high school community education
text:no i am looking for the sports facilities at east ridge high school not community education	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:yes i am looking for gmat prep classes near my current location	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government
text:one that is funded by the state of iowa	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need more information about the sat test
text:i want the homepage of the college board	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you interested in pet health supplies
text:i am not trying to find supplies but i am looking for information related to pet health	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:
text:	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:when do you expect to need coverage to begin
text:im looking for ratings for long term care insurance	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:radio systems	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to register to file your tax return online
text:i dont know i would like to know where i can find information online about filing my taxes	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes
text:no i need diet and nutrition information for diabetics	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about
text:i am looking for the homepage of the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration
text:no only the procedures and information for registering vehicles	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo
text:no an airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what kind of pictures are you looking for
text:flame designs	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:any tutorials would interest you
text:tutorials on starting old coin collecting	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the script for the music man
text:no i want song recordings	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in martha stewarts role in the company
text:yes	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a map
text:no i need information on reservations	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:may i tell you the numnber of earthquakes recorded in the past month in the yellowstone area
text:no this is not related to my search	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wanting directions to porterville
text:no i need information on medical care in portervile ca	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:
text:	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for a 24 hour fitness center
text:i dont know	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company
text:maybe find that and give me the timeline of her case with the company	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:no i want to know if there is a way of getting internet without having phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for specific neil young songs
text:all songs of neil youngs	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:will this be for an adult or child
text:this will be for a child	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you trying to determine how well you did
text:no	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you interested in seeing barack obamas family
text:no i want to know where obamas parents and grandparents came from	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari computer system would you like to know about
text:i would like to know about all of the atari computer systems	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to sing along with the lyrics
text:no i just want to see the lyrics for the song i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew on a button
text:no i want helpful hints for sewing beginners	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would any specific game interest you
text:yes i want an inuyasha game please	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in building a home
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know information about the patrol
text:yes i want to get a job at texas border patrol	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:want to see a list of vacation destinations that include architecture designed by frank lloyd wright
text:no i am looking for information about frank lloyd wright the person	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for the definition to lipoma
text:no i want to know which age group most often gets lipomas	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the titans from titanfall
text:i want information on the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i tell you about brewsters parents where and when he was born
text:no thanks i want to know about his elected offices	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean do not resuscitate
text:yes	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a map
text:no i want to find the rules for the board game source of the nile	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you looking for information on how its scored
text:yes	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows
text:yes and the clubs hosting them	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:i would like to find the barbados underground homepage	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:are you looking for a flowering ivy
text:no i am looking for vines that can grow in shady areas	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want the address
text:no im looking for deals on hotels near disneyland	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for a summary of the music man plot
text:no just the lyrics for songs from the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors
text:no i want to know which animals can get them	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe
text:no i want to know how credit report is determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury
text:no what is the treatment for one and the prognosis	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need their homepage
text:yes	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on residential or business
text:i want information on internet service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018
text:no	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview
text:yes	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like to email the va dmv registration
text:no i would like to go to the home page of the website for the virginia department of motor vehicles	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city
text:webpage of halmark visitor center in kansas city mo	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:no i want to know what causes forearm pain	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf
text:just show me the bart trip planner	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle
text:no i need info on car raffles	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:do you want a list of dinosaur names
text:no id like to see some pictures	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to find a book
text:no just tell me the hours of operation for sherwood regional library	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity
text:no inuyasha tv series music	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want black and white or colored designs
text:i want flame designs	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:not really any website with avp reviews will do	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:do you want to know the cost of the commonly used drug
text:no	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:
text:	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water
text:i dont know	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need admission information for the university of phoenix
text:no i want to see some reviews	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see specs on this equipment
text:no	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:yes	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes tennesee highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to learn about unc the school
text:no i need to know the hospital location	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:
text:	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know more about ldl
text:yes specifically what levels of vldl are good or bad	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:is there a mileage range you are willing to travel to search for mushrooms
text:i don know	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to see some pictures of south africa
text:yes	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see pictures of a sore throat
text:no i am looking for information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to how to adopt a dog
text:no what organizations offer dogs for adoption	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for butter and margarine comparison
text:yes compare butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in getting a quote for coverage
text:i am interested in the different types of long term care policies	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:how many facts do you want
text:as many facts as i can find on uranus wikipedia page	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:no i am looking for the mailing address for the president not the first president	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:yes	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is
text:no i would like a map of the region	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for outpatient services in mayo clinic
text:yes i am	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like more info on tsa guidelines
text:i need informatin on what is allowed as luggage for air travel	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking album called mothers days songs
text:no i am trying to find the lyrics to songs written about mothers day	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know technical information about tv on computer
text:i would like techinical help for watching tv programs on the computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no im just needing to know things that i should know about adopting a dog	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:i only want information about the lowcarbohydrate ones	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol
text:no i want to know what is required to become a patrol state trooper of the tennessee highway	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:yes the homepage of avp	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes
text:no i would like to know how they are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what does unc mean
text:university of north carolina	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:would you like a history of the cherokee tribe
text:i need information about any indian tribes that lived in what is now alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what cell phone apps are you interested in
text:i am interested in motorola phones and where they can be purchased	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about piano keys
text:no i am interested in computer keyboards for used for gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:yes	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo
text:i cannot answer this based on the query and actual information needed	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for what country arkansas is
text:no i want a map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific recipe
text:no i want to know the nutritional information concerning rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel
text:no im looking for hotels with special deals that are close to disneyland	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:would you like an unlocked phone
text:unsure	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:would you like information on free earth day activities
text:yes if the free activities are for kids	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you looking for the nearest sat testing location
text:no i want to know about sat scores	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona
text:no	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for engineers in such field
text:yes i am looking for a sepetic system engineer	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you trying to quit smoking
text:i dont know	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want realistic or cartoonish designs
text:dont know	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know who should take the test
text:i want to know what the test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you interested in price comparison of packages
text:no i would like to know what is the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth
text:no i am looking for risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs not lymphoma in the mouth	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit
text:neither i am looking for reviews	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know what channel espn is
text:no i want nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax
text:i want to know about which states levy a tax against tangible personal property	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill
text:no im looking for comparisons on elliptical trainers for home use	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information on the person who invented music
text:yes i want information on musics history and development	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:would you like information on the worth of coins
text:no i would like general information about us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for
text:i want information about car raffles	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in gaming keyboards
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information on arizona wildlife
text:can you tell me more about fishing reporst in arizona	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol
text:no i am more interested in knowing the excat number for a normal heart rate while resting	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in learning the history of the beatles
text:no i am interested in all of their songs they have sang in the past	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for
text:i am looking for gaming keyboard reviews	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to find a book
text:no just directions	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like to know where frank lloyd wright was born
text:yes i would also like to know more about his life	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo
text:no just the hallmark center info	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:no i want to know basic background information about the disorder itself	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker invented
text:no i am interested in her involvement in political and social issues of her day	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes
text:no i need the american association of diabetes educators	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:are you looking for a flowering ivy
text:yes	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:
text:	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:yes i want to watch the atlantic city poker tournament online	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique
text:no i am looking for information about fitting furniture into small spaces	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for information on weather
text:yes specifically forecasting tornadoes	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers
text:no i would like to buy one	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel
text:no i just want to see reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to see a picture of moth
text:not of a moth per se but of something mothrelated	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas
text:no i would only want information on the university	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:
text:	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay
text:yes either lyrics or sheet music	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what kind of trade are you looking for
text:none i want information about filing for unemployment in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company
text:no i am looking for information regarding the connections between martha stewart and imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:satellite phones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:satellite internet	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what probe visited uranus
text:i would like information about the planet uranus	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:what information do you need about bart sf
text:id like maps	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the greek god or the pc
text:neither i am referring to saturns moon	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:no i just need to know some toilet manufacturers	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:no i want to know the difference between gre and gmat	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want the lyrics on paper or on video
text:no	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know the date for this saturday
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water
text:tank design is what i am looking for	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:
text:	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:yes but i want to know which companies offer the cheapest options for bundled digital cable and internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4
text:i am looking for reviews on ps2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for dining room furniture
text:no i an interested in finding out what are the dos and donts of decorating in small spaces	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like a list of forms for processing child support claims
text:no	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:no i want to find pictures of past presidents of the us	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:in which state are you looking for east ridge high school
text:mn	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you looking for a world atlas
text:no i am looking for satellite maps	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to directions to kansas city
text:no	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the business she started
text:no i am just looking for historical information on her	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:no	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no i want to buy components to fix a toilet	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to change scooter oil
text:no i want to go to the hoveround homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to purchase streaming services
text:no i am looking for technical help	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy raised garden supplies
text:no i want to see photos first	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for windows
text:no how do i weather strip a garage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:no i want to find stories of people with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part
text:i am interested in information about joints in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know more about their responsibilities
text:yes i would like more information on the responsibilities of the tennessee highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds
text:no i want to know which varieties exist	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:any tutorials would interest you
text:no i want to learn about old us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer
text:i dont know i am looking for the homepage of the equal employement opportunity commission	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:no id like a list of toilet types and their differences	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is located
text:no i am interested in information about the ongoing war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you need directions to french lick resort and casino
text:no id like to know if they have any discount packages	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know about worm castings
text:yes and more	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you need a tool to design the site
text:it depends on what you are trying to do	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain
text:yes	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:i want a list of all the presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters
text:yes	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:what would you like to know about ward cunningham inventor of th wiki
text:no id like to know what a wiki is	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for patches
text:no i want to find out how hypnosis can help with quitting smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like to know about madagascar economy
text:no i would like to know what madagascar is known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew a dress
text:no i want general instructions	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you looking for the information about split rock restore
text:no i want information on the resort that is located there	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial
text:no i am looking for a location in the east coast	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:no i would like the homepage of bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings
text:yes	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you referring to the american military university as in the actual school
text:yes im looking for entrance requirements	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:what variety of figs are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:no i just want the website for avp antivirus	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need sat study materials
text:yes i would like any information you have	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions
text:no	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about
text:i am looking for information about the alexian brothers lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity
text:yes am interested in inuyasha wiki activity	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in who is the ceo
text:no	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to become a paralegal
text:i just want to know what aba approved certificate programs there are	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:
text:	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards life story and career highlights
text:yes specifically his personal life	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:ni i am interested in bellvue nebreska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew a dress
text:no i would like beginners sewing tips	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like information on this years keyboards
text:yes but please focus on reviews	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns size
text:no i want you to navigate to the baltimore suns newspapers homepage	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa
text:yes show me what i need to be eligible	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth
text:no i want treatments available for dogs with lymphoma	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:
text:	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you interested in the origin of the nile
text:yes and i want to learn about the fued between speke and burton	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin
text:i would like to know how to cook one	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no i want to buy a wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news
text:no i want information about the animal not a sports team	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in who is the ceo
text:no	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew on a button
text:only if the button can be sewed on by a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:
text:	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like information on a particular band member
text:no just give me their names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you looking for a specific insurance company
text:no i am looking to compare different types of long term care insurance policies	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit
text:no	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds
text:i want a map of the indiana state fair grounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone
text:no i just want to find information about buying unlocked phones	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix
text:no i just need reviews from consumers	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what area is florida are you interested in
text:daytona beach	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for medicines to treat a sore throat
text:no i am looking for the causes of a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a playlist of mothers days songs
text:no looking for a playlist	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to move to arkansas
text:no	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina
text:no i need the location of the university of north carolina hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for different kinds of djs
text:no i want to hire a dj	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:no i want to know the official website of the grilling magazine	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to take a sat prep class
text:possibly	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:where in pocono are you interested in
text:i am intrested in just a general map of it	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you talking about the stock price of the giant
text:yes general information about the company yahoo	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you interested in bart sf the company
text:no i just want their train schedules and list of fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what channel er tv show is on
text:no i want to read summaries of episodes of er	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map of your local area
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you interested in law school
text:mayb i dont know i am intersted in what a paralgals job is	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:will you like to know the most popular dog
text:yes if they are designer breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol
text:no i need to know how to find their customer satisfaction survey	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes
text:yes am interested in finding a class on diabetes	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for a summary of the music man plot
text:no i need the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to find out about buyign tickets	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to attend the indiana state fair
text:i am looking for the map for the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:will this be for an adult or child
text:i dont know	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for current news about afghanistan
text:i am looking for maps	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:im looking for tourist activites in barbados	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:no i would like inforrmatrion about iron deficinecies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for continental plate boundaries
text:i dont know	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you seeing if rick warren is still alive
text:no i want to go to his homepage	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting
text:no i would like to know the meaning of the last supper painting	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you need 403b calculator
text:no	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:i dont know	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about checked baggages rules
text:yes i would like information on the restrictions on airline checked baggage	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map
text:yes i would appreciate that information	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition
text:no i want to know what age groups does lipomas effect the most	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site
text:no i just need company information on yahoo	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:what place do you want a map of
text:i dont know but satellite	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:yes i am looking for satellite internet providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the music man
text:no current performances of the music man	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas football
text:yes and other tourist attractions	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:would you like to know where in the bible the seven deadly sins are mentioned
text:yes show me	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to know about rock and gem shows in washington
text:no just show me all rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:woud you like to know about last supper reproductions
text:no im looking for a picture of the painting	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats
text:wild bobcats only please	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:no i need alien vs predator sites	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you referring to a health club in arkadelphia ar
text:yes	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like to see google maps homepage
text:yes please take me to the google maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you trying to find a contractor
text:no i only want to know the alternatives for the design of a septic system	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the animal or the hockey team
text:i am interested in merchandise for the hockey team	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property
text:i want to invest	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration
text:yes	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut
text:no i want information on how to file an unemployment claim in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you interested in schools in poterville
text:yes the k12 schools in poterville	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know what pvc is made of
text:yes	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:which gs tax bracket are you looking for
text:i dont need to know that i need to know about the federal wage systems general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in the size of the company
text:no i would like to find a volvo dealer	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to find out how much you owe
text:no	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am trying to find out about job availability at french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to find out the different types of payment options for the best long term care insurance
text:no i want ratings	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to compare different weather stripping products
text:yes	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:yes i want background information	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:i am not looking for a class i am looking for sample exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:yes thats why id like some sample exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:
text:	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for michworks career information
text:yes please	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you want to know about ron howards acting career
text:no i want to know about his directing career	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you wanting to know how to set one up
text:no im looking for retailers	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:outdoor kabob grilling recipe	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for research papers
text:no	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for reviews of hotels
text:no	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the computer part
text:no i am looking for the titan watch company	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for the age of rick warren
text:no i am looking for rick warrens web site	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer
text:no i would like to know more about inuyasha forums and websites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:what date range are you interested in
text:no how was manville nj impacted when the flooding occurred from hurricane irene	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:no i would like images from them	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140
text:yes	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company
text:no i want to know where to go to sign up for my free annual credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking to purchase an mgb
text:no	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no just a description of the facilities	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage
text:i am interested in both	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:in what country is the secret garden located
text:i dont know i need notes on the biography of frances hodgson burnett	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for events
text:yes im looking for events taking place at the orange county convention center	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific league
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with
text:yes and other information about him	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year
text:no i want access to the customer satisfaction survey for tennessee highway patrol state troopers	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:is the secret garden a book you are interested in
text:yes i am interested in the author of the book the secret garden	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see arizona hunting trip information
text:no i just want to know what arizonas hunting and fishing regulations are	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about
text:i would like to see the retailers that are selling any electronic skeet shooting game and its price	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it
text:no i want the companies	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:looking for satellite tv providers in my area	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you moving to south africa
text:i dont know	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate
text:yes but also please include other things such as exercises vitamins etc	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for an application on this topic
text:no just direct me to the homepage related to the topic	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:no	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:should there be anything else besides the flames
text:no	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what part of unc do you want info on
text:i want to know where their hospital is located	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need the website for the university of phoenix
text:no find me the reviews	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the search engine
text:no yahoo email	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:would you like to see reviews of the uss yorktown tour
text:yes	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:do you want to know if doctors agree with a particular folk remedy for curing a sore throat
text:yes show me	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for gps accessories
text:no i want to read reviews of gps units and car navigation systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:
text:	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying
text:i am not interested in this topic	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:which dinosaurs are you interested in
text:im not asking for that i just want to go to the discovery channel dinosaur page	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in what draws a moth to flame
text:no i want to know how to tell different moth types apart	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:
text:	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:for which year did you want to find out what the common schizophrenia drugs are
text:i would like to know for the current year	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you wondering if there has been a recall notice
text:yes can you tell me	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself
text:no i would to know how to register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer
text:just want a general definition nothing specific	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know the location	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:i can show you his songs lyrics would that be okay
text:no i am interested in finding neil youg albums i can buy	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes avp the sponser of professional volleyball	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is this an emergency
text:no it is not	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i need sites that sell used car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewser famous for
text:i am looking for the elected offices of ralph owen	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you referring to the move
text:no i am looking for images of the movie called madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:using needle and thread or a sewing machine
text:no i want information about sewqing patterns	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:i am looking for the grilling magazine website	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:would you like to learn about how the usda food pyramid was created
text:sure and also id love a description of it	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:yes historical information	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need sat study materials
text:i want to know what range of scores is a considered a prerequisite for top schools	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:are you interested in any other type of mushroom
text:no	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to cook a pork tenderloin
text:yes in a crockpot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:would you like to know the rules of the wall game show
text:no the vietnam memorial wall	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know the address
text:no id like information about how to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you interested in specific old coins
text:yes a rare wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see resources for retirement investing
text:no i am looking for the difference between a 401k and 403b not retirement resources	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking to buy a volvo
text:im looking for the volvo website	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:which verse of the song i will survive do you want to know
text:i would like to hear the ending verse of i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the lab in seattle
text:no	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:would you like to know which civil war battle sites can be visited in south carolina
text:no i am not interested	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in the size of the company
text:no i wan to find used volvo semi trucks for sale	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:no id like to know the schedule of poker tournaments in atlantic city	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game are you interested in
text:im interested in all atari games in general	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in paid services
text:no	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:no just the map	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:is there a specific type of fact that you want to know
text:i need info on what we know for sure about uranus and what questions about the planet remain unanswered	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel
text:yes in a bundle	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to be hired by french lick casino and resort
text:no i want to see what kind of discounted packages there are at the french lick resort and casino	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the lab in seattle
text:the lab isnt located in seattle	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for places to buy fencebuilding materials
text:no	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking for locations that have the scooters
text:yes i am looking for a kids scooter	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns life cycle
text:no i want to find the homepage of the newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to know subsrition pricing to arkadelphia health club
text:no i am interested in locations and reviews of health clubs	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want contact information for the board
text:yes and other general information on them	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about madam cj walkers products
text:no	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:no i would like to know what foods contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about woodworking
text:no i am interested in human joint pain	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal
text:no im wondering about possible treatments	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources
text:no i would like to know what a 403b plan is not if my employer offers one	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you interested in any specific rules
text:i just want to know general information about the 403b plan	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know where you can get cpr certified
text:i dont know	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for any legal information
text:no i am looking for the states department of labor website	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:yes just anything from cheap isps	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you looking for information related to tourism
text:yes i am	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for standings of a specific sport
text:yes nascar	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting writings by the pastor
text:no not his actual writings	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you referring to the machine or person
text:im wondering what are the best elliptical machines for the home	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm
text:no only its location and travel directions	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:no i want to translate	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how hot the sun is
text:no i need the homepage of the newspaper the baltimore sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you neeed dry wall products
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wanting directions to porterville
text:no i am looking for universities in the porterville california area	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you taking the bart from san francisco international airport
text:i dont know if i am	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:were you looking for how cell phones work
text:no i want to know what providers have motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in a specific part
text:i don	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve
text:no specific heart rate i just want to know what you can do to lower your heart rate	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:
text:	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what salary range are you looking for
text:im not looking for a salary range i need helping filing for unemployment	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to know how to become a dj
text:no i would like hire one	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the tangible personal property tax
text:yes	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know how to use it
text:no i would like information on electronic skeet shooting games and am specifically interested in details about any product recalls	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the basics of septic system design
text:yes	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you interested in bart sf the company
text:yes but a site that does it	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:yes i am interested	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:no im looking for things to do there	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company
text:no i am trying to determine who runs the pacific northwest lab	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting writings by the pastor
text:no	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you study road maps
text:i want to get a world atlas online	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know what kind of music was the first
text:no i want to know who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:yes and i would like any information on the the forearms anatomy	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need info on remedies
text:yes specifically for hip fractures	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in the gt or the roadster
text:no the mgb sports car	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:if you have one that relates to the regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need information about a volvo dealership
text:yes this will help	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds
text:i would if they are for sale	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a specific designer dog breed
text:no i interested in photos of all designer breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:no i am looking for avp software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you interested in the accuracy of the gps
text:i am interested in knowing more about digital cameras with built in gps and finding their reviews especially accuracy	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for information on weather
text:no	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:when are you going to the pococnos
text:i do not know i am looking for general information on the split rock resort in the poconos	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer
text:no i would like a list of websites where i can download inuyasha episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:no i need you to bring up the veritasprep website	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater
text:no retailers and price	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:when are you going to the pococnos
text:just the map for now	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:yes specifically those offering dsl service	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas football
text:no i want to go to college there	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for what mgb stands for
text:no i am looking for facts about mini gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college
text:no i am looking for the admissions info at mitchell college	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:yes but the homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to pay a bill
text:no i just want to know where they are located	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting
text:no i am trying to find a picture of the last supper	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no i need to find parts for the american standard brand of toilets	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro
text:general information	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine
text:yes what is the difference between butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to call
text:yes i would	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for pictures of the mgb
text:no im looking for q and a website about gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:should i request an application to mitchell college
text:no i just need to go to their homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal
text:no i would like to know what the causes of lipoma are	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:would you like to read about colleges in arkansas
text:yes i would like information about colleges and universities in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know if designer dog breeds are healthier than purebreds
text:no i just need pictures of designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in pictures of worms
text:if it is the conficker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do youwant to know what year idaho declared a state flower
text:no i want to know what flower they declared as their state flower	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the email client
text:yes	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no i want information about bellvue hospital center in new york ny	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:no i want to find it for free	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the pay range for a specific payscale
text:no i want to find all the pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal
text:i would like to know about the general dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to watch the music man film
text:i want the songs from it	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to know how much it costs to stay here
text:no i want to see reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know the legality of dnr
text:no the regulations on deer hunting from the maryland dnr	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia
text:yes	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost
text:no	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no i need information on satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what are your requirments
text:web hosting reviews for small business	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you looking for a garden in you area
text:no i want to find online reviews on the secret garden book	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to compare different ron howard movies
text:no i want to know which shows ron howards starred in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want espn sports corporate information
text:no im looking for nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to rent a scooter
text:no just looking for brands	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:no i want the antivirus software avp	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:
text:	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for lapidary classes
text:yes please tell me the next class	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game
text:im actually interested in reading some of its reviews	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna
text:no i want to visit the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to see penguins of madagascar
text:no i would like specific information on the ice hockey team not the annimated video	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:
text:	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes
text:no and no	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the watch brand
text:no im referring to the moon on saturn names titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for locations
text:no i am looking for discovery channel toys	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man
text:yes i am	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for dining room furniture
text:no i am looking for furniture space arrangement	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much data do you need stored
text:i want to know about classes on website design	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want a map of south africa
text:no	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for recipes that include rice
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you need information about medical services
text:no i am looking for colleges in porterville	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used
text:no i am looking for a specific location	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary
text:no only the location	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance
text:yes specifically the cost	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the size of uranus
text:yes i want to know about uranus	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want his biography
text:no i would like lyrics or sheet music for his songs	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:yes i also need to know what could be the cause	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you referring to the time magazine essay
text:no i just want bio information about barack obamas mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to find out how much you owe
text:no	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no i wanted to buy iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for information on weather
text:sort of but its more related to a specific kind of weather condition	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix
text:no i am interested in the main online competitors of the university fo phoenix	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan
text:i am looking for more information in regards the afghanistan war	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:yes	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to request an appointment
text:yes i would like to make an appointment	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is your request related to raised garden beds
text:yes i need plans for a raised garden bed	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know about normal heart rate
text:yes	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for beginners
text:no	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:more specifically about gas grilling please	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design tracers
text:no i just need flame clip art	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking to take a class about diabetes
text:no i want to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas
text:no im just looking for information on cb antennas that they sell	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018
text:yes i am	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wondering what causes sore throat
text:yes specificlly when sore on one side of the throat	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay
text:are there other places to sell them	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for discounted trombines
text:no i need to know where to go to sell a used trombone	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you interested in neil youngs history
text:no	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black history
text:yes i am looking for activities for children for black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report
text:no	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want stores selling elliptical trainer
text:if they have reviews of different ones	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for recipes that include rice
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the animal or the hockey team
text:i am looking for the web page of the hockey team	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:
text:	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult
text:i dont know	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:i am interested in the homepage for avp the sponsors of professsional beach volleyball events	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you know someone named rick warren
text:yes take me to his homepage	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to recycle used car parts
text:cheap parts for commercial cars and trucks	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know how others have used that quote
text:no i want to see the entire soliloquy	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to take a class about raised gardens
text:i dont want a class just plans about raised gardens	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you interested in schools in poterville
text:yes colleges and postsecondary institutions	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking for luna moths
text:yes how can i identify different types	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for hunting guides
text:no i want to know the regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:no i would like instruction on grilling chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas history
text:no i just need a map	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe
text:no i just want to know what pvc is	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:no i would like a list of the past presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut
text:no i want the conneticut department of labors homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in lodgings
text:no i want information about the pocono raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for lab jobs
text:this isnt what i asked	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:what brand of gps device are you looking for
text:none yet im just looking for reviews of gps enabled digital cameras	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what price range of cell phones are you interested in
text:no	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking
text:no i want information on what are the health benefits of quitting smoking	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard
text:i would just like general reviews	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for information on how to quit smoking
text:yes specifically the cold turkey method	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you suffering pain in one of your joints
text:no i want information on how to treat it	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know about the admission procedure of mitchel college
text:no just show me the homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:no i need cheap internet and tv	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in the history of the last supper painting
text:no i am interested in tickets to view the painting in milan	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you trying to find videos about the music man
text:no im looking fo the script	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like a list of common interview questions
text:no	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to learn basics for sewing
text:no i need instructions for operating a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information about computer viruses
text:yes im looking for more on computer viruses	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo
text:no find stencils	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the pastor
text:yes pastor rick warren	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about
text:xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm
text:no i am interested in the type of products they grow or raise there	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want his biography
text:no	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:no i want strategies that parents can use if they have children with ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know how to take care of it
text:no i only want pictures	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:no i would like to get a list of the past presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:no just tell me about its history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:what are the treatments	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for
text:i just need gs pay tables in general	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you referring to the machine or person
text:the machine	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for windows
text:no i am intrested in them for doors	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i need pro beach volleyball tounament info	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to rent a scooter
text:no just take me to hoveround scooters homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know where to buy one
text:yes i would	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you looking for activities that can be done inside or outside
text:i would be interested in both	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is
text:i need the reviews first	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for signs to expect
text:yes	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see the legal definition of equal opportunity employer
text:i would like to know the legal definition of the phrase equal opportunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know about companies that provide indexed annuities
text:no i would like to know what an indexed annuity is what kinds of annuities there are and what they advantages and disadvantages are that are associated with each kind	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from
text:no i wanted to know how to make a marinade or dry rub	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo
text:no i am interested in the tourist attractions	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know the climate figs are found in
text:yes and any other information regarding the cultivation of figs	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to compare specific ps 2 games
text:no none in particular	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a philosophy book
text:no i am refering to a play	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there a specific product you are looking for from the store
text:yes i want products based on the animal planet program	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:no	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:
text:	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:are you looking for a food list for the usda food pyramid
text:no i need a description of the usda food pyramid	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a list of available new york hotels
text:yes the least expensive ones	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know what a weather strip is
text:no	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo
text:yes im looking for a good flame tattoo design	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds
text:yes and where i can buy one	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what uranus is made of
text:no i want the wikipedia site	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:shall i open discovery channel store homepage
text:yes	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds
text:no iwant to see photos of different designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal
text:no i want to know about their duties	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a particular artist
text:no any artist	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for the information how 403b plan works
text:yes i would like to know who is eligible for one	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports
text:no i am interested in companies where i can get a free credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account
text:yes i want to know the laws surrounding it	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:no i want to find quick weight loss options	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for instructions to build a fence
text:yes	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for standings of a specific sport
text:yes i am looking for college football and basketball scores specifically	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds
text:show me a map of the fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for how to use mgb
text:no i need information on mini gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:no i am referring to to bellevue hospita center in new york city	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking
text:no i am interested if it is possible to quit smoking cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses
text:doesnt matter i want to learn more about the dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know the cost of internet phone service
text:i need to know who provides it first	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog
text:no	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know how to plant a vine for shade
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a list of er actors
text:no i want to find summaries of episodes from the show er	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf
text:no	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from
text:no i want to know about what games are coming out	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina
text:yes athletics	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you know what an indexed annuity is
text:yes but i need to know what companies i can buy an indexed annuity from	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking for luna moths
text:no i just want to know what moth eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you have any plant allergies
text:i dont know	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know who carries this product
text:i need techical info on kenmore gas waer heaters	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to cook with rice
text:no	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:would you like to know where the test is used in
text:yes i want to know how it is used in physical rehabilitation treatment	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:what variety of figs are you interested in
text:i want recipes that use any variety of fig	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:i am looking for a kohler wall hung toilet to purchase	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect
text:i dont have enough information to answer	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to explore more on scooters
text:yes particularly in brands	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew on a button
text:i want to see downloadable sewing patterns or sewing pattern pdfs	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to watch er tv show
text:yes i would also like to download them	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:no just a dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know credit report scores
text:no i want to know how to dispute information on credit reports	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in paid services
text:no i want to learn how to design my own	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can i provide you information about frances hodgson burnett
text:no the musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:yes as well as iron deficiencies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:that is irrelevant i need diets that will make me lose weight quickly	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see resources for retirement investing
text:yes i want information about 403b plans	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140
text:no i want to see reviews	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have high blood pressure
text:i dont know i want to know what a normal heart rate is	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to directions to kansas city
text:no	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv
text:no i need information on where i can buy volvo semi trucks	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking to buy pvc pipe
text:no just wanting to know what it is	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:yes i want to know who provides lowcost internet	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like directions to the sherwood regional library
text:yes driving directions to get there	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:do you want to know how to navigate to your history on your browser
text:yes	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know the political positions ralph owen brewster held
text:no	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel
text:no i am interested all of the hotels that are close to disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:what time are you wanting to visit this clinic
text:i do not know	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:no i need the homepage for the president of the united states	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies
text:no i just want to know where to obtain my report for free	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you referrring how to get organized
text:yes do you have any tips	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal
text:no i would like to know the how to become a paralegal specifically what abaapproved certificate programs are available	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018
text:i only want to see rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what season of er are you interested in
text:im looking for the episode summaries	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:what information about east ridge high school are you looking for
text:im looking for information about their sports program	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you referring to a health club in arkadelphia ar
text:yes	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital
text:no i just want the homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:no i need information for a chemistry class	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in awards received by the band
text:no i want to know what albums they released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:no i am interested in iron deficiency information	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to read some reviews about american military university
text:no i would like to go to the homepage for the american military university website	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know to to mend a shirt
text:i need to know where i can find sewing materials for kids	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan
text:no just the available jobs	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts
text:no only car raffles	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to know more about ps2 console design
text:no i need to know where i can find cheat codes for ps2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer
text:i want to see reviews of elliptical trainers	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain
text:i just want general information on where a domain name can be registered	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for
text:no i want to learn about her insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about credit scores
text:can you tell me how to dispute information on a credit report	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai
text:no i am looking for information for car raffles	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to take some courses on web design
text:no	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:yes specifically related to accessing the internet	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:what dates are you planning on traveiing
text:im not sure	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you study road maps
text:none of your business find me satellite maps both the sources and live feeds	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:yes	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there any specific type of product on your mind
text:discovery channel	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the price of hp mini 2140
text:yes but i also want to know who sells it	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want information on jobs in arkansas
text:no i need to see a map of the state	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:im looking for either gas or electric grilling instructions for chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking to buy a volvo
text:yes so find me the nearest dealership	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for any specific facilities
text:yes the scientific user facilities	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you referencing earthquake activity
text:not sure what theyre looking for here	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on what jax chemical company produces
text:yes what surface treatment products do they manufacture	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax
text:no	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific tractor model
text:no i want to know more about wild boatcats those are animals	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:have you got any specific question regarding furniture size
text:no i am looking for dos and donts in small places	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i want the avp antivirus software website	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty
text:i cant answer for certain	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:which part of neil youngs life are you interested in
text:none just the albums	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv
text:no this is not important to my search	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school
text:no i want to know about the sports programs as east ridge high school in clermont florida	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested to see images of it
text:no i am looking for a list of retailers	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:no im looking for information on the prime minister of barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you want to know how old rick warren is
text:yes and other background information	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:do you need information about cell phone plans
text:no i need information about where i can purchase actual phones that are unlocked	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets
text:no i am looking for the newspaper called the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine
text:no	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions
text:yes	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for
text:no i want to know what are good levels of vldl	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:are you more interested in battles won by the union or the confederacy
text:neither the ones that were fought in south carolina	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to sell used car parts
text:yes i need a website to buy used car parts	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles
text:no	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you need information for group or individual ticket prices for tours of the uss yorktown
text:yes adn any other informatio0n you may have	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about credit scores
text:yes i would like to know when i get my free annual credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know what their jurisdiction is
text:no i am interested in the mission of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for smoking alternative products
text:no i want to know if its possible to quit cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to know how to become a dj
text:no i want to hire a dj	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:no	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which hospital facility are you look for
text:i am looking for information about the alexian brothers lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:what kind of penguin are you looking for
text:animated penguins	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what political party ralph owen brewster was affiliated with
text:no i need to know the specific relationship between ralph owen brewster and howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in downloading the album the wall
text:i am looking for infomation about the pink floyd album the wall	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need help finding your new york hotel
text:yes i need to book a room	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:no i dont need to know about local tournaments	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for furniture for a specific room
text:no i want to know how mirrors influence space	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewser famous for
text:yes that is part fo what im looking for	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:the difference between the gmat in the gre	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for regulations related to your search
text:no	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy a book about this topic
text:no im looking for pittsburh penguins merchandise	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you referring to the joints you roll
text:no i am referring to joints on the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to watch a debate with george bush sr
text:no i want to find a biography on him	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the history of butter and margarine
text:yesi want to know how they are made and how they differ	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:what place do you want a map of
text:none i just need to go to goole maps	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements
text:no what did martin luther king contribute to the civil rights movement	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games
text:no i need the specifications	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the author
text:yes the author named rick warren	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you want to buy flame design stickers
text:i want some samples of good flame tattoo patterns	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:are you looking to purchase old or collector coins
text:no i just want to know the value	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who started the movement
text:no i want to know what the civil rights act of 1964 addressed	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe
text:yes	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels
text:yes	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission
text:i am not sure	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:yes specifically lowcarb diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:yes i need more information on it	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot
text:no im looking for recall information on them	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in the size of the company
text:no i want parts for volvo	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map
text:no i am interested in where to purchase tickets for indiana state fairgrounds events	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific recipe
text:yes i am looking for rice recipes	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:what kind of penguin are you looking for
text:i am looking for information on the pittsburgh penguins	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:would you like to read some reviews
text:no i would like to learn about deals and packages for nearby hotels	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game
text:this isnt related to my query	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:
text:	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event
text:no i want information about raffles hotel in dubai	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like to know the advantages and disadvantages of a indexed annuity
text:no just tell me where i can buy them	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking
text:no i want information about hypnosis and stopping smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone
text:no	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for an image for lipoma
text:no i want to know what causes them	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve
text:not sure	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2019
text:yes i want a list of rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for an image for lipoma
text:no im looking for treatments for it	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:i dont know	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:do you want to find out what the hawaiian volcano observatories have been monitoring
text:i am looking to find out more about this by getting a history and summery of the work they have done	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you trying to quit smoking
text:i want information about quitting cold turkey	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you
text:yes	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like the phone numbers to the va dmv registration
text:no i would like the address and hours for the virginia department of motor vehicles	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context
text:yes am only interested in the quote from shakespeare	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for ron howard biographies
text:no am looking for movies directed by ron howard	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking to buy joints
text:no just an axplanation	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know where it is located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you interested in schools in poterville
text:no just take me to the local newspaper homepage of the porterville recorder	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would any specific game interest you
text:just show me pictures and wallpapers of inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what historic period would you like information pertaining to
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:when are you going to the pococnos
text:i am looking for information on the pocono raceway in pennsylvania	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:no i am referring to the volleyball association	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in learning more about mythological titans
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying
text:yes	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters
text:no i just want to download some episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college
text:no im looking for information on how to become a student at mitchell college	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat
text:no i would like information about the animal species of wild bobcats	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd
text:the wall by pink floyd	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you interested in finding out the difference between an indexed and variable annuity
text:no i want to know what an indexed annuity is	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know facts about the sun
text:yes i would general information about the sun in our solar system	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you searching for your sat scores
text:no i am looking to find test preparation materials and courses for the sat	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for contact information
text:no i want to know about available medical services in sonoma county	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for regulations related to your search
text:yes im looking for hunting and fishing regulations in arizona	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no i dont want to pay anything	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:yes and its deficiencies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to register to take the sat test
text:no i am looking for general information about the sats not registering for the test	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i just need in formation on outpatient housing at the jacksonville fl mayo clinic	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want the history of fickle creek farm
text:no i want to know what products they grow and raise at fickle creek farm	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need to find hunting and fishing grounds in arizona
text:no just general reports	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a hotel near porterville
text:no i am looking for colleges or institutions	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:no	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need to book a dj for an event
text:no i am looking for general information on djs	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included
text:no i am interested in watching television programs on my computer	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to calculate how much an indexed annuity would provide
text:no i am looking for general information on annuities	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know how to prevent these signs
text:no information on the symptoms of having one	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in pictures of worms
text:more just genreal information on worms	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you looking for information related to tourism
text:yes to be specific i want a certain tourism website	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for a particular casino in french lick
text:yes the french lick casino and resort and i need to know if they have any jobs open	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how would you like to lower your heart rate
text:yes	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what would you like to know about bobcats
text:nothing	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located
text:no just customer satisfaction forms	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf
text:no i am interested in bart system maps	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in
text:no any neighborhood would be fine	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for contact information
text:maybe i want information about healthcare services for lowincome residents of this county	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:did you find them
text:i am interested in the value of a rare wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:
text:	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a map
text:yes	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you referring to playstation 2 games
text:yes i am	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:no i just need some general information on what toilet designs exist	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you interesting in buying furniture
text:no im not looking to buy anything	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles
text:i want to know what people think about the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in satellite maps
text:yes i am	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for jobs in the state of conneticut
text:yes the most common jobs available	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is
text:yes and i also need a nearby retailer	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to compare specific ps 2 games
text:no i am interested in the specs of the actual ps2 console	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you interested in learning about arkansas
text:yes i would like a list of colleges and universities located in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to know some website address
text:i would just like information	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no im looking to see where i can buy a kohler wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like to know what plants are native to madagascar
text:no i need to know what the island is known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no diet and exercise	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know the address
text:yes i want their contact information	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:no i just need books	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for information on its maintenance
text:no im looking for alternative design options	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized
text:i want infromation on catalogs of office supplies for organizaiton	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to see some pictures of it
text:i just want facts about idaho state symbols	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you need information on any specific hybrids
text:i dont have any specific ones	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see
text:none find music from the series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:no i dont need classes	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park
text:yes please and maybe an airiel map as well	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what category are you searching for raffles in
text:i dont know	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:how complex of an answer are you hoping to find
text:im hoping to find specific scientific theories and data on evolution	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services
text:yes i would like to specifically know about mayo clinic in jacksonville fls housing information for outpatients	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to make an appointment
text:no i dont need an appointment	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:no im looking for free internet providers	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you looking for learning material for school
text:maybe i want to find information about uranus	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no i was wondering who the cheapest dsl providers are	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you interested in what their job duties are
text:yes but from a big picture standpoint of their overall job description	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:neither i want satellite radio subscription services	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the country where rice was created
text:no how nutritious is rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i want the prep test website	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you need instructions to do the test
text:no i want to know how the test is used for physically rehabilitation	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate
text:i would like to know if it is realted to cholesterol or high blood pressure	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points
text:no just how to become a state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club
text:that would be nice	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game
text:yes	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want a book about the last supper painting
text:yes a book about the last supper painting would help know the significance	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the location of unc
text:yes	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about what would occur if the supervolcano underneath yellowstone national park errupted
text:no i need to know the resulting information on ground elevaion changes and movements from the ongoing lowlevel geothermal activity at yellowstone national park	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the history
text:no i just need a map of the islands	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:im interested in medications that treat ocd	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you looking for netflix
text:no i am looking for troubleshooting information about streaming television programs on the computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna
text:no i am looking for product reviews	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels
text:maybe but also levels	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see resources for retirement investing
text:no i want to know about the 403b plan	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you wondering if there has been a recall notice
text:that would be nice to know	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:
text:	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the music from inuyasha
text:no i need forums and websites for inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know where the nile is located
text:no	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a contact number for the city government
text:no not the city government and not a contact number	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for cell phones for kids
text:no i am looking for used unlocked cell phones	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a paralegal internship
text:i dont know	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know about a specific person
text:yes poetry by maya angelou	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:
text:	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like a list of rock and gem shows in 2018
text:i would like all rock and gem show dates and locations	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil
text:maybe but just show me basic maintenance for now	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in the histroy behind it
text:nope just need pictures	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes
text:yes i would like pork tenderloins recipes that use dry rub or marinades	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the colors of unc
text:i dont know i want infotmation about included campusrs that are part of unc sustsm	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes sites related to stewarts involvement with imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you seek further information on lab breeders
text:i dont know	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:no i want to fix mine	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview
text:i would like to have examples of thank you letters after an interview	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about which sports espn covers
text:no just info on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you needing store information
text:i am looking for discovery channel store locations	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the computer part
text:no i need informaton about the titan truck made by nisson	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery
text:no id like to know who can be interred there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140
text:yes i want to know the specs of the hp mini 2140	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to find retirement financial advisors
text:dont know	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:yes tourist activities in barbados	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like application information for the michegan works program
text:no i want info on available jobs in michigan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college
text:no i want to find the homepage for their athletics department	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:do you want to know how wiki works
text:yes	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:what is the heart rate youre looking to achieve
text:none	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed
text:no im looking for biographical information about him	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a deadliest catch product
text:no i am looking for science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by discovery channel stores	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:do you think of the reason to have dark chocolate
text:i don know	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs
text:any dinos to color	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need any specific information about sat grades
text:no i want to learn about sat test prep	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering how other people have quit smoking
text:no what are the benefits of doing so	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for a chain or botique hotel
text:yes and any other hotels in general in long island new york	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history
text:yes along with opinions of the case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in american bobcats
text:no i am intrested in tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:no i am looking for the beatthegmat blog and forums not the most effective methods of gmat prep	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:yes i would like providers that offer satellite tv	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:
text:	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup
text:no	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:
text:	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested to fill a survey for them
text:no i just want information on them	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for lab jobs
text:no looking to see who manages pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed
text:this is not related to my search	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website
text:yes please take me to the resources page	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to titan the moon of saturn
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:no i want companies that manufacture bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:what country spider bites are you interested in identifying
text:please tell me how to identify spider bite in the united states	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to learn about weather stripping
text:yes for my garage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:what kind of evidence are you looking for
text:im just looking for the current scientific theories of evolution	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i want to see images of penguins from the madagascar movie	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:no i want information of the types of toilets and their differences	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:should there be anything else besides the flames
text:no i am looking specifically for flame design decals	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal
text:no i want to know about the training a paralegal has	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:i want tips and calorie charts	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona
text:yes also hunting guides and shops in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area
text:no i am looking for the raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game system would you like to know about
text:i dont know	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is
text:no im interested in south african history	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:
text:	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want the address
text:no but im interested in other addresses nearby	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the history of culpeper national cemetary
text:yes	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what year model are you looking for
text:i dont know	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:are you interested in knowng the earthquake intensities recorded by the hawaiian volcano observatories
text:no i am interested in the history and the summery of the work performed at the observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about kagome higurashi
text:no i would like pictures from inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know the size of this product
text:no	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:
text:	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you seek further information on lab breeders
text:no	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:i want free sample exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for her whereabouts
text:im not interested in her whereabouts	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs
text:i would like to know more about treatments for dogs dianosed with lymphoma	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:yes i would like some info on it and how to tell if a child has it	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:in the history of the office of the presidents	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:
text:	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to buy a scooter
text:a scooter or a moped	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:no	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need any specific information about pnl
text:their homepage	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you going to purchase anything there
text:not sure i just need information about staying there	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know what pvc is made of
text:no the pvc i want to know about is premature ventricular contractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes i am looking for the equal employment opportunity commission homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking to fix a moth infestation
text:no i want to learn about different types	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is this for an emergancy
text:no	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:do you want to know more about obamas parents
text:yes i only want to find the biographical information on barack obamas mother right now	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to know more about hr block
text:yes and other places where i can file my taxes online	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo
text:no i am interested in what casinos are in kansas city mo	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for any specific facilities
text:yes i am needing the pacific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you trying to find out what worms eat
text:yes what do worms that are in nature eat where do they sleep how do they live in the wild	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:
text:	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:how much of your history did you want to see
text:i am interested in all the sites that ive visited before in my browser history	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in who painted the last supper painting
text:no	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about
text:no i would just like to know where i can find them	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere
text:no i want to see maps of continental plates	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia
text:yes	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:no just take me to the full tilt poker webpage	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you trying to find an airline
text:no i am trying to find the tsa website	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle
text:no i would like to find out how to organize a raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:are you wanting to know the most commonly used drugs
text:no i only need the most commonly used drugs to treat schizophrenia	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels
text:no i want to know how vldl levels are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what type of information about raised gardens are you looking for
text:i need to know what type of wood to use to buikd a raised bed garden	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes the website home page for va dmv	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what specific joint are you interested in
text:human body joints any of them	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:do you need information about cell phone plans
text:just prepaid	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo
text:no i want to know about specific places to visit in kansas city mo	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:how many ingredients do you want to use for this soup
text:any amount is fine	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know what is considered a good score
text:no i want to know what the test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:i am not sure	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:would you like to know how many battles were fought in south carolina
text:no i want to know the names of the battles fought in south carolina not the number	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in comparing coverage prices
text:no i am intrested in how much it costs	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:
text:	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you trying to compare different fitness centers in arkadelphia ar
text:yes that would help	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have any medical conditions
text:i am looking for generic information	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:would like to know about any specific sports team
text:no	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma
text:yes in particular which animals are known to present causes	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes a site that gives me information on martha stewarts trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:
text:	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:do you want songs that were released on mothers day in a specific year
text:no i want lyrics of songs written for mothers day	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:what time are you wanting to visit this clinic
text:i just want the contact information	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:which type of antenna are you interested in
text:i need the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no im looking for general information about bobcats	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight
text:no i want to know restrictions for checked baggage	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:when do you expect to need coverage to begin
text:i expect coverage to begin as soon as possible	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you
text:im not sure this isnt related to my question	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:are you reffering to the federal or state tax
text:is the definition different for state or federal tax purposes	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to learn more about the show titans
text:no i am interested in the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:yes exactly	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean do not resuscitate
text:no this is not relevant to my search	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for dining room furniture
text:i want to know how important the size of the furniture is	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:would you like to know how to catch moths
text:no i would like to know how i can kill moths inside my home	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:yes	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for specific fanrelated information
text:no i want wallpaper and pictures from inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want contact information for the board
text:no i am looking for tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wondering where porterville is
text:no i would like to know where medical care is available	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library
text:no i am looking for services offered by the sherwood regional library	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games
text:yes i would like to see newly released ps2 games	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters education
text:please answeers this and give me more information	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:which symptoms would you like to know about
text:i would like to know about the symptoms in humans	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:no i want providers of satellite radio systems	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on the speeds available in your area
text:as long as you give me information about the phone service also	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested to see images of it
text:no i would like to know what kind of skeet shooting games are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for prevention tools
text:no i want to go to the homepage for the nih diabetes education program	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you referring to flushing new york
text:no facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want to find some resoutces
text:i would like to go to the american association of diabetes educators homepage to get diabetes education information	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like historical information on madam cj walker
text:yes but focus on political and social work	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind
text:thats irrelevant i need information on fig varieties	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:yes	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know who the preesident of south africa is
text:no	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you wnat sports scores
text:no	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you referring to the injury
text:yes	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for bedroom furniture
text:i dont know	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account
text:no	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:no im looking for review on avp antivirus	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a tourist map
text:no i just want to go to the google maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc are you interested in
text:the address of unc hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona
text:no i am looking for the hunting and fishing department homepage	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what images of joints would you like to see
text:i would like to see joints of the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you trying to find more information about rick warren
text:yes i want to see articles about him	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park
text:no i need to locate the observatory	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:no i want satellite television	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:any tutorials would interest you
text:na	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in figs health benefits
text:no i am interested on information on how to grow figs	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific hotel you are looking for
text:no i am looking for any hotels under 180 per night	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is this in reference to flowers or vegetables
text:i dont know	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:yes	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you trying to rent at a disneyland hotel
text:maybe find info on one	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:no i want to know about the person barak obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you interested to teach sewing to children
text:no	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:i just want some general information about ocd	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:no i need a list of past presidents of the us	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for smoking alternative products
text:no i want to know what the ways to quit smoking are	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:i am looking for djs who specialize in hip hop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for the instruction of the kenmore sears gas water heaters
text:yes if they have features energy consumption and safety of the heaters	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want to know about alternatives to a septic system
text:no just alternative septic system designs	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals
text:please look at job listings online for more information	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines
text:im looking for reviews on specific elliptical machines	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:do you need the history of the mgb
text:no i am looking for sites for fans of them	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:
text:	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for
text:that was not my question	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to obtain used car parts
text:yes find stores nearest to me or websites that sell parts for trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:no i want to determine which foods contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 games prices
text:id like a list of places where i can buy used ps 2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:ones the take place in las vegas	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:which type of moth are you looking for
text:i am looking for information about the silkworm moth	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a dealer in a specific location
text:no i need to know volvos homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you need information on any specific hybrids
text:no i want general information on breeds	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:yes free or low cost	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know the location of the last supper painting
text:no i would like to know if there are tickets available to go see it in milan	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for some photos
text:no i need the pittsburgh penguins homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:yes i need a list of the companies in my area that have the lowest price for providing internet	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:im interested in finding books about tournament poker	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for
text:no i need information on when she was arrested for inside trader fraud	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:are you inquiring which typical or uncommon drug is used
text:i am interested in both types of drugs to treat it	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for a free internet phone service
text:no	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho
text:no i am intereted on information about the state bird flower tree etc	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:
text:	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:
text:	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are
text:yes any kind of information	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design
text:i am interested in septic system design in general and the maintenance required for septic system upkeep	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics
text:i want information about what animals can get them	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know who grades your sats
text:no id like to find test preparation materials and courses to prepare for the sat	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:
text:	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what location would you like to search for dogs in
text:i would like organizations based in florida only	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery
text:yes	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the lab in seattle
text:i dont know	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what gs pay scale are you looking for
text:not a specific one but if all us federal agencies use the gs pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like a list of new york hotels
text:i want a list of inexpensive hotels in new york	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the history of butter and margarine
text:no just the difference between them	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what channel er tv show is on
text:no	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in types of pvc pipe
text:no	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:
text:	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:yes where can i find kohlers wall hung toilet to buy	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo
text:no i would like to know about the hotels that are near the kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need details on where jax chemical company is
text:no i want to know what type of surface treatment products they manufacture	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about kagome higurashi
text:no i want to know about the music on the inuyasha tv series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment
text:no i want to the know treatments for it	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking to buy pvc pipe
text:no i want to know how they are treated	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know the date for this saturday
text:no i am looking for information on the scholastic aptitude test	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have a specific purpose for the antenna
text:i am trying to use it on a big truck but it has to be made by wilson	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for a specific job or the job search site
text:no i want to know about services and information for the unemployed	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoo mail
text:no i need to log into my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is someone you know experiencing a heart attack
text:no i am looking for general information	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses
text:neither im looking for mortality statistics based on asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year
text:no i want to send them feedback	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know what country the source is in
text:no i want to know about the feud between speke and burton over the discovery	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies
text:no i need to find volvo auto parts online	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you
text:no i want to know about the features energy consumption and safety of the kenmore gas water heater	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what services do you want to find information about
text:i need to find out about registering vehicles in virginia	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:texas holdem tournaments	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for the history of classical music
text:no i am looking for the history of rock and roll music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you neeed dry wall products
text:no im looking for the album the wall by pink floyd	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:no i need the homepage for bellevue hospital center	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you interested in east ridge high school latest news
text:just take me to the homepage	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing
text:no	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:would you like to know about the most recent satellite sent into orbit
text:no i am interested in registering to take the sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is your request related to raised garden beds
text:yes	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:yes but only pertaining to injury	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:no i just want to know what hotels are near the park	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you speaking about the human body or a mechanical part
text:i am referring to human body joints as in bones	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you looking for teaching resources concerning evolution
text:no im looking for scientific theories on evolution	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140
text:no i need retailers and prices for the hp mini 2140	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you wish to know how music videos started
text:yes and more information on the history of music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the country where rice was created
text:i want to know about condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard
text:i am looking for a computer keyboard that is good for gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for prevention tools
text:no my query refers to diabetics diets	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies
text:no	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for payment information
text:no i just need tax forms and information on filing individual taxes	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:no im looking for bidet manufacturers	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you need directions from your location to the uss yorktown
text:no i just want information on the exhibits there	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about
text:none just take me to the homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas
text:no i would like to go to the wilson antennas homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on the speeds available in your area
text:no im looking for the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to learn about tractors
text:only about bobcat tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you interested in price comparison of packages
text:no i am looking for who provides voip phone service not price information	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you looking for information on how its scored
text:yes and what exactly it measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine
text:no i need sewing patterns	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:no just the schedule of the las vegas poker tournaments	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:
text:	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one
text:the current one	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:
text:	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to cook a pork tenderloin
text:yes on a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri
text:no i want to know about the hallmark visitors center	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you interested in human body joints classifications
text:no i am looking for information on the different types of joints used in woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you interested in applying for federal jobs
text:i dont know	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the library
text:no i want driving directions to the sherwood regional library	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like historical information about afghanistan
text:yes	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information
text:yes and also how would i apply	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:no i need the homepage for bellevue hospital center new york ny	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information about voip phone services
text:yes pricing information	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:do you want to know if it is possible to recycle lead acid batteries
text:no information given	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for doors
text:no i want to know how to use the weather strips on my sliding glass door	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker invented
text:i dont know	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map of your local area
text:yes	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you looking for the nearest sat testing location
text:no i need information on how to register for the sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix
text:i would like to see the page of faculty members at university of phoenix	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers
text:no can you show me ellliptical machine reviews	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in asnestos exposure
text:yes and the dangers of that exposure	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to watch funny penguin videos
text:no i want information and factoids about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what would you like to know about bobcats
text:tell me general information	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in downloading the album the wall
text:no i want a list of sites about th vietman beterans memorial	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see an instruction manual
text:no i would like to find recall notices for the bowflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:im not sure i just want info on lowcarb diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you wish to do an entity search
text:yes do one on the california franchise tax board	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what are you using the design for
text:i want picures of flames	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking to find a djs website
text:no i want to know how to become a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:no i just want to see illustration and description of the forearm	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels
text:no i need to know how vldl levels are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to see inuyasha manga
text:i would like to download the inuyasha episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:no find me beatthegmat blog site	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in the movie raffles
text:no i want to find information online about car raffles	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to know more about ps2 console design
text:no	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:how big do you want the flames to be
text:it doesnt matter just show me several different sizes and examples	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a certain area that you need information on specifically
text:i dont know	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to register to take the sat test
text:no i want to find test prep materials	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:
text:	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you referring to the arizona state wildlife department
text:i would like to know about the regulations for hunting and fishing in arizona	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:yes	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:do you want to know why your face is flushing
text:yes	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how would you like to lower your heart rate
text:no i want to know more about what makes it beats faster or slower	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water
text:i want to know how a septic system works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home
text:no i am interested in looking at reviews about elliptical machines	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix
text:no where are the homepages for the faculty members	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:would you like the different services that are provided
text:no im looking for coverage for lowincome people	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:no i am referring to satellite radio companies	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know how many different types of worms there are
text:no i want information specifically about the conflicker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer
text:yes please can you give me the best place	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet
text:none i want to know what blushing is and why people do it	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin
text:no but i want to make it in a crock pot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for similar artists to neil young
text:no i am looking for neil youngs tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:do you want to know more about the books proverbs and galatians in which the seven deadly sins are mentioned
text:no i want to know what the seven deadly sins are	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in buying tickets to a raffle
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:no i am looking for providers of satellite radio systems	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:
text:	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need details on where jax chemical company is
text:no i am looking for retailers that sell jax chemical companys green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:
text:	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to become a paralegal
text:no	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know if an indexed annuity a good investment
text:no i need to know what companies offer them or where i can buy them	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for any specific information about arkadelphia health club
text:yes reviews and locations	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to place an order
text:no i just need the homepage of jax chemical	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos
text:i want to know about the health problems associated with asbestos	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:have you talked to your doctor about heart rate
text:i dont know	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the the department of natural resources in maryland
text:yes	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to know the status of your return
text:go to wwwirsgov for information about filing your taxes or the status of your return	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:no i need information on iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you interested in any specific rules
text:i dont know	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a deadliest catch product
text:no i need the website	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you need specific forms to fill out
text:yes as long as they relate to how to register as a tax preparer	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like me to direct you to emergency services
text:no i am not experiencing an emergency i am simply looking for how the signs of heart attack differ in men and women	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to take some courses on web design
text:no i want sites that have free dns hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like to know how gps works
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for cell phones for kids
text:no i am looking information regarding companies that sell prepaid cell phones	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:no	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:arey you conerned about someones face becoming red
text:no i want a map of the flushing neigborhood in new york city	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you just want to rated keyboards
text:yes top rated keyboards for gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:
text:	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a hotel
text:no id like to reserve the orange county convention center for an event not for accommodations	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is
text:yes i am specifically interested in the definition of the term equal opportunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:diabetes education regarding children or adults
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game genres are you interested in
text:no	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition
text:no i am looking for what causes them in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the weather in kansas city
text:no i am looking for the official website for the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm
text:im looking for general information	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need product information
text:yes i need the retailers for green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which inuyasha characters are you interested in
text:no i just want to know where i can find inuyasha based games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for locations
text:yes i am	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know about special events on espn
text:no just college football and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a history of solar eclipses
text:no the baltimore sun newspaper not solar system sun	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like directions to flushing new york
text:no just a general street map of flushing new york	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:no i want to send a letter to the president	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:yes	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i am interested in how to set an appointment at jacksonville fls mayo clinic	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:i am looking for a college in bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin
text:no	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need product information
text:no i want their contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:no	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:yes i want to learn more about the history of barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college
text:no im interested in the mitchell college homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know who is currently alive from president obamas family tree
text:no find the barack obamas family tree time magazine photo essay	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom
text:no i want information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards personal life
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins
text:no i want images of penguins from the madagascar movie	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you interested in french lick resort and casinos hours of operation
text:no i would like to know what employment opportunities are available at the french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you looking for information on how its scored
text:no i would like to know what the sit and reach test is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd
text:i am referring to the wall by pink floyd	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri
text:no i need hotels near the kansas city air port	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for details about disneyland hotels
text:i am but mostly i want to know if there are any deals or packages available	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you looking for korean community services
text:no im looking for kcs energy inc	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you need any specific information on obama inauguration
text:no i want information on rick warren including any backgound or biographical information	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on what is in a credt report
text:no i want to know how to get mine for free	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law
text:yes what are my legal rights as a mother with two children to child support	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:are you trying to find symptoms of forearm pain	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like a book about sewing
text:yes to teach children	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for product recalls
text:no i am looking for reviews	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you just want to rated keyboards
text:i want to read reviews of electonic keyboards and pianos	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha cosplay
text:no find music from the series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:do you want to know if the food pyramid still in use
text:no i would just like a description of the pyramid	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located
text:yes i would like to know what hotels are near disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:which type of diabetes do you want to learn about
text:i want free diabetes education materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want general information about the test
text:yes i want to know what it is	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in lodgings
text:yes in the poconos pa area	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know internet phone service providers
text:no i want to know how much internet phone service costs	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack
text:no tell me the symptoms	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for recipes that include rice
text:no i want to find out the nutritional value of white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no im loking for background information	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games
text:im interested in classic atari games	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in buying a new atari game console
text:no i just want to know some of the names of their classic games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro
text:no i want to find a retailer that i can buy a bowflex power pro from	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:no i am interested on information about using iron as an essential nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts
text:yes for napa	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels
text:maybe	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to titan the moon of saturn
text:no i am referring to the ternnessee titians team	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in learning more about mythological titans
text:no im looking into the watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in building a home
text:i want to view sites with virtual tours and databases of the names on the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes avon products	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to see some pictures of it
text:yes	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for instructions to build a fence
text:no i am looking for places to buy materials to build a fence	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:no bellevue hospital in new york	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter
text:yes especially about his relationship with howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know who is hiring here
text:yes i would like a job in connecticut	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding
text:yes and other types of asbestos as well	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:
text:	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see specs on this equipment
text:no i would like to know where i can buy a bowflex power pro	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:yes i want directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:have you used jackson hewitt before
text:i need to file my taxes online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know its location
text:no i would like to know the registration requirements for enrollment in the american military university	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting
text:i want to see if tickets to view it are available online	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:i would like to score the highest score on the gmat test	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking for locations that have the scooters
text:no i want to know where they are for sale	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:where would you like your raffle to take place
text:im not sure yet id just like information on organizing	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles college of design
text:no am interested in raffles hotel in dubai only	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:no im llooking for a different kind of information related to the orange county convention center	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in playing online games
text:i would like to find information about the history of the atari game consoles	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need to know the next arkansas game time
text:no im looking for information about the city of little rock	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how rice is grown
text:no	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine
text:no i want to know how to make butter and magarine	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for
text:no i want to know her involvement with the company	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what a designer dog breed is
text:no just give me some examples	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need information about the san antonio international airport
text:no not that sat	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna
text:yes i want to read about the best antenna from wilson for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for flights to vanuatu
text:no i am looking for photos	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:no i need to buy an iron for ironing clothes	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 adventure games
text:no im looking for new games in general	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you interested in presidential middle names for the past presidents of the united states
text:yes the past and the present	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need more information about different kinds of air travel
text:no baggage restrictions	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure
text:i would just like to know what the registration requirements for enrolling at the american military university	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:do you want to recycle lead acid batteries in person or by mail
text:i would like to find a place to recycle lead acid batteries in person	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for a free internet phone service
text:im looking for costs of internet phone services	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition
text:no id like to know how it is treated	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements
text:no i am looking for a timeline of the us civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for the definition to lipoma
text:no i am looking for animals that get lipomas	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have any medical conditions
text:yes my heart rate is very fast	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns life cycle
text:yes i am interested in everything about the sun	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you interested in a specific brand of cell phone
text:no i am interested in what companies offer prepaid cell phones and what kind are available	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find foods that will lower your heart rate
text:no just tell me what makes the heart beat slower	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to learn how to make furniture
text:no	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:are you reffering to the federal or state tax
text:i am reffering to the state tax	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you trying to determine how well you did
text:no	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for contact information
text:i would like the general homepage	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:do you want songs that were released on mothers day in a specific year
text:not related to query	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in the requirements for applying to the program or the poverty level limits
text:no i just want to know the wesite for iowas food assistance program	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want the contact info for alexian brothers hospital
text:no i need information about the alexian brothers lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you like to buy stencils online
text:no just please show me some flame design stencils	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific movie
text:no i would like to know where i can buy the wall album by pink floyd	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:
text:	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:
text:	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl
text:yes	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:i want general info about man made satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know the distance of south africa
text:no i would like to see photos of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:im not sure i am looking for the veritasprep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo
text:no i want to know about hotels near the airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:for what route are you seeking information
text:i just want general map information	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in the movie raffles
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need help navigating the website
text:no i want to find available jobs in michigan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games
text:either	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:price of a pork tenderloin
text:no i am looking for a crockpot recipe for pork tenderloin	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:
text:	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to find a class on the education of the disease of diabetes
text:yes that is helpful	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need a gs pay calculator
text:no	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see alternative retirement accounts
text:no i want to know if i am eligible for a 403b plan	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about
text:no take me to their home page for their health system	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need the address or location for the company
text:no i want to know who operates it	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no i want to see sites about alien vs predator	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:do you want to know about kennycaffey syndorme
text:no i want information on the merger between kcs energy and petrohaw energy	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on jax chemical company
text:i would like to know which retailers sell jax chemical companys green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers
text:no i would like to find alexian brothers hospitals	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you trying to find online reviews of mgb
text:no iam looking for a list if sites for mgb car owners and enthusiasts	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:no i want to know about iron deficiencies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for some medication
text:no just what could cause my throat to be sore on one side	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:what state is mitchell college in
text:i do not know	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what area is florida are you interested in
text:beachfront	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the history of afganistan
text:yes i would like to know the history behind the war in afganistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to rent or buy a condo
text:i want to buy a condo in miami beach florida	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:would you like to recycle lead acid batteries for money or for free
text:i need general law to information about recycling lead batteries	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:no i would like information about tourist activities	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes i am looking for the admissions page to mitchell college	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140
text:no i want to read reviews about the mini 2140	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains
text:no	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning how to read your credit report
text:no i need to dispute credit report information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are
text:yes and treatment	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in the location of vanuatu
text:no i want travel and tourism information for vanuatu	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna
text:i dont know	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:not necessarily although certain web pages might be included in the information im seeking	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i need to know where i can buy tickets for the indiana fairgrounds	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering what moths eat
text:no i am wanting to know how to identify different types of moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia
text:no i want to find information about treatments	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know what the idaho sate flower is
text:yes i would and also other state things	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for prepaid phones
text:no i would like to know which cell phone companies offer motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you looking for the nearest sat testing location
text:yes but i would also like to know general information about the test	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time
text:no i look for parts for commercial vehicles	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in upcomming events in kasas city mo
text:no i am looking for the homepage of the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you located in jacksonville fl
text:no but i am interested in the clinic there	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about
text:nowhere in particalur i would like the webpage for tourism	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know the meaning of the quote
text:i need the critical analysis of the quote	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:web pages that will give information for injuries or conditions that can cause forearm pain	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you need information about a specific employer
text:i need to know whom to contact if im being discriminated against	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:no	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included
text:no i want technical help for watching tv on my computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:how about some organizing tips
text:yes thats what im looking for	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know where south africa is on the map
text:i need a map of the country itself	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:what specific dnr are you referring to
text:michigan dnr	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:
text:	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes a page with aba approved certificate programs	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death
text:no i want to know about his office positions	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library
text:i want to know how to get there	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to know the price to hire a dj
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to watch the music man film
text:id like to see it as a live play	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal
text:no i am looking for a specific webpage	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:no my query is related to type of internet service not quality	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for rice university
text:yes i am looking for rice universitys homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity
text:i dont know	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to see their homepage
text:yes so i can search for information on their retailers	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes i would like to know who to contact about being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer
text:i just want to know what the benefits are	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like
text:no	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like a new toilet
text:no i want information on types of toilets	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account
text:yes i want to know what the plan is	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:i yes i am looking non fad or trendy dieting advise	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to learn more about the show titans
text:no i would like the website for the tennessee titans team	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you looking for a specific insurance company
text:no i want a long term care insurance policy from any company	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a paralegal internship
text:answer information not provided	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:no i am trying to find pictures of past presidents of the us	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the country where rice was created
text:no i am looking for recipes using rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what uranus is made of
text:yes and give me other facts about the planet or interactive content on it	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett
text:no i would like to know about the musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for symptoms of dog heat
text:yes	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:i want to learn what the presidents mailing address is	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to know more songs from gloria gaynor
text:no i just want to find the lyrics for i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:no im looking for kabob recipes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe
text:no thats not the pvc i mean	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no im looking for american standard parts	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in comparing coverage prices
text:i need a general list of the top insurance companies offering long term health care policies	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for a specific model or part
text:no i would loke reviews for different modoels to be able to compare	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels
text:i need to know the difference between that and others	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:
text:	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:no i would like the homepage of bellevue hospital in new york city	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you want to know whether living in a home with asbestos insulation can cause people to become sick
text:no i want specfic information about the mortality rates from asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you going to purchase anything there
text:i dont know i would like to see what they have first	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:what dates are you planning on traveiing
text:i need tsa travel tips	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:yes i would	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:
text:	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to see a picture of moth
text:no i would like information on what moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals
text:no i want to know what type of training i need	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:no i would like to know information on package deals for hotels near disneyland	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:did you need clarification on your tax return
text:yes i need clarification on filling it out electronically	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act
text:yes	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:the manmade kind	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for ways to watch er
text:yes i want episodes of er i can download or watch online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you looking for activities that involve plants
text:yes i am looking for something fun for my kids to do on earth day	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a cough as well
text:i have a sore throat	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like directions to the nearest parts store
text:no i want a salvage junk yard	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you interested in the history of air travel
text:no i want information about the rules for liquids in carryon luggage	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about
text:no i would like to know why an eliptical trainer is better than other machine	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you need directions to your local vet
text:no i would like to know the effects of excessive heat on dogs	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you wanting to know how to set one up
text:no i need to know the different types of games	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:no	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:
text:	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you interested in a school district
text:no i am looking into kcs energy	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf
text:yes i would like to see maps of the transit routes	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like details on how to pay child support
text:no that wouldnt really help	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in how tornadoes are formed
text:im interested in pictures and videos of tornadoes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would like to go hunting or fishing in arizona
text:i would like to do both	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a cough as well
text:yes	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:would you like to know about risk factors of lymphoma in dogs
text:no i want the treatments	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what type of craft are you using the pvc for
text:i am not making a craft	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax
text:no please tell me when the tangible personal property tax is due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am looking for information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing lowlevel geothermal activity at yellowstone national park	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:what would you like to know about the civil right movement
text:yes specifically what issues did the civil rights act address in 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to renew a drivers license
text:maybe just take me to the homepage for now	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time
text:not necessarily	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:would you like to know the vote counts for a specific candidate
text:yes i would like the results of the presidential candidates in the 2008 us presidential race	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you looking for learning material for school
text:yes specifically for students at the elementary school to junior high school level	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:would you like to know about environmental benefits of sustainable lead acid battery recycling
text:yes	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari computer system would you like to know about
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview
text:yes i would like to have this information related to post job interview	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:yes i want tips on counting calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the nbc television show
text:no i am looking for information about the vietnam veterans memorial located in washington dc	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:no	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you asking about cannabis
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in california
text:i would like to know more about the shows that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know why dogs heat up
text:no the effects of when they do	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want more information about the sandy actors theater
text:no i am looking for test preparation materials and courses for the sat not sandy actors theater	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:
text:	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:no id like information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the birds
text:yes i need photos of them	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:i am more interested in stories from people who have to live with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:yes it will be in combination with exercise	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:no i want to know the mailing address for the us president	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:where can i purchase a kohler wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:a kohler wallhung toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office
text:no i need statistics for the program	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you looking for an interview preparation guide
text:no i need help writing a thank you letter	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what year model are you looking for
text:year 2017	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no i am looking for translation information	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:can you read sewing patterns
text:i dont know	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the email client
text:no the financial one	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you want to know where the uss yorktown is currently located
text:no i need info on the uss yorktown exhibit at the patriots point museum	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what items are you interested in flushing down the toilet
text:none i am looking for a place	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:no i am just looking for common jobs in connecticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:would you like activities that focus on the theme for this years earth day
text:how can we make a party about it	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the association of volleyball professionals
text:yes	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:no	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:
text:	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you really reffering to mothra
text:no i am refering to moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications
text:no i do not information on pvc plastics but rather on premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a special news
text:no information reguarding the sun	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:i do not know	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you referring to the move
text:no im just looking for penguin photos	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:yes	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to take a class about raised gardens
text:no	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for prevention tools
text:no i want free education materials	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you need specific forms to fill out
text:no i want to know any information about the california franchise tax board	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know who owns espn
text:no i want to know current nba standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett
text:no not the book	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:no im wanting to know more about ocd in kids	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone
text:yes marthas involvement	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park
text:i want to know how ground elevation changes resulting from lowlevel geothermal activity at yellowstone national park	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about madam cj walkers products
text:no i am looking for historical information about the person	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you interested in different knot tying techniques
text:yes and windsor knot being the most specific type im looking for	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you need a tool to design the site
text:no i need reviews for a site catered towards small business web hosting services	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:no i am looking for a kabob recipe for gilling	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you going to purchase anything there
text:no i just need to know what food is grown or raised on the farms of fickle creek farm	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a map of the bart system
text:no i want fees and schedules	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:i need to know what different types of toilets exist and the differences between them	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design
text:i dont know	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to buy it online
text:that is not related to my question	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map
text:i just need general information about fickle creek	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you interested in east ridge high school latest news
text:no i am looking for a description of the sports facilities at east ridge high school in woodbury mn	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack
text:i want to find out about all signs and symptoms of a heart attacks	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men
text:both	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you wnat sports scores
text:yes i want college and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want realistic or cartoonish designs
text:either	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain when extending your arm
text:yes	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere
text:yes i would like informatioin on plate tectonics and the lithosphere	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:i just want to see avps website	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to contact somebody here
text:no i want to find photos of somebody	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games
text:yes but tell me where to find cheat codes	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you worried your forearm pain means you have a broken bone
text:no im looking for information about tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:would you like a map of nearby locations where you can recycle lead acid batteries
text:yes please show mr on a map	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home
text:yes i am looking for ellipticals to use at home	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you looking for a specific insurance company
text:yes am best	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:yes and im wondering what is causing it	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:
text:	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to make an appointment
text:no i would like to go to the alexian brothers health system homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is this an emergency
text:no i am looking for information on housing outpatients	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:what about an interview do you need help with
text:i need help preparing for the questions they might during the interview	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have pain on both sides of your throat
text:i dont know	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer
text:not sure just take me to a website that sells them for now	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:would you like an unlocked phone
text:yes give me some steps on how to buy one	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for directions to a disneyland hotel
text:no i want to know if there are any special offers or discounts for the disneyland hotel	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:no i need satellite tv providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to learn about weather stripping
text:yes	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like an active or relaxed dog
text:i would like to find a place where i can adopt a dog	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:which military generals fought in the battles your most interested in
text:no which battles were fought in south carolina	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:no i am looking for help on counting calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix
text:no im looking for the main online competitors with university of phoenix	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:would you like to know where the test is used in
text:no i want to know how the test is done	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a map
text:yes i want a map containing the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:what would you like to know about obamas heritage
text:i would like to know information about obamas mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:yes i am	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age
text:no	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:what do you need to know about equal opportunity employment
text:i want the homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat
text:no just the differences between different physical and checmical quantities within foof	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need more information about the sat test
text:yes what is the average score for the sat test and what are the ranges of the scores	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:are you trying to determine how well you did
text:no i have a more general testrelated question	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:no	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you a dj
text:no i am looking for djs that specialize in hiphop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for the technical specifications for the hp mini 2140 not the warranty period	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:is there any specific thing that evolves that you want to learn more about its evolution
text:what are the current theories	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for continental plate boundaries
text:yes as long as i can see them on a map	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals
text:no i would like to know what duties a paralegal are expected to perform	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering where to find moths
text:i want to know what they look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:yes i am interested in avp	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for iron metal products
text:no im looking for general information on the element iron fe	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for trombone dealers near yo
text:no i am looking to sell	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:no i wish to understand how these exams differ from one another	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like the see the calendar of events
text:no	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:are you looking for the average charitable donation by city state or county
text:no i am looking for national averages	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i just need its contact information	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:no i am looking for general information about bellevue	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:
text:	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth biology
text:no i want to know what moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to watch funny penguin videos
text:no i am looking for a specific web page	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for regulations related to your search
text:no	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for listings with a particular skill set
text:no i would like to be directed to the website for the conneticut department of labor	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:arey you conerned about someones face becoming red
text:no i want to learn about the causes of excessive flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone
text:no i am looking for specific sites that support martha stewart	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:would you like to read some reviews
text:yes id like some reviews of disneyland hotels	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:no i just want to translate something	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no i would like to learn how to speak korean	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings
text:i want to know the material itself	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:
text:	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see
text:i dont want to see episodes i am looking for inuyasha video games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the arizona fishing report web site	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to a crazy person
text:no i am not i am looking for general information about yahoo the company	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:
text:	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need directions to east ridge high school
text:i want to know what the athletic facilities are like at this school	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy a book about raised gardens
text:no i just need to know what kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what would you like to know about vldl levels
text:yes	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically
text:yes i am interested in all information about wild bobcats	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone
text:yes i want to read opinions about the insider trading case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:no i need satellite information	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:do you have an artist that you want to hear in mothers day songs
text:no i would just like some names of artists who have recorded songs about mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how rice is grown
text:no i need the homepage of rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:which of the seven deadly sins do you want to know more about
text:i would like a list of the seven deadly sins	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:
text:	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the cost of treatment
text:no i want to know the symptoms	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know the date for this saturday
text:no i want to know how to register for the sat exam not the date for saturday	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know technical information about tv on computer
text:no	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering what moths eat
text:yes i want to know about the diet of both moths and butterflies	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you want the distance between your current location and french lick resort and casino
text:no just tell me what jobs are available there	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:no i just want to find satellite maps and geographic images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:
text:	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc
text:no i would like to know the treatments for premature ventricular contractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you interested in price comparison of packages
text:yes i want to know how much internet phone service costs	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for side effects of quitting smoking
text:no i am looking for ways to quit smoking	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to hear about president obamas family tree
text:i would like the barack obama family tree in the time magazine photo essay	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles
text:not at all i want the homepage of the raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to knwo vest vines for shade
text:yes	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:what would you like to schedule for saturday
text:no i need information on how to register to take my sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know more about geothermal activities at yellowstone national park
text:geological information and values needed for yellowstone park please	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in
text:the united states	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:do you have an artist that you want to hear in mothers day songs
text:no i want lyrics of mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari 2600
text:yes if it is classic	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want information on jobs in arkansas
text:no i want to visit arkansas as a tourist	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:do you want to know why your face is flushing
text:yes	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:possibly what providers offer free wireless	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in digital pianos
text:no keyboards for computer prgramming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin
text:no i am looking for marinades and dry rubs to season the pork tenderloin	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like the see the calendar of events
text:no i want to know how to drive to the sherwood regional library	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for ron howard biographies
text:i would like to know more about ron howard biographies	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:no i just want internet	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to become a paralegal
text:yes what training do i need	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos
text:what are the mortality rates associated with asbestos	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company
text:no i want to know about their research projects	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to learn basics for sewing
text:yes please	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want names of companies that file income taxes online
text:maybe but i would like info on doing it online	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i need to find vovos homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know famous black people
text:no im looking for information about activities for children during black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you want to make an appointment
text:no i am looking for information about the catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:stainless steel is an iron alloy with a minimum of 105 percent chromium	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you need 403b calculator
text:id like to know how much you can withdraw	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need the cause of the injury
text:no just how to treat one	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i am looking for satellite maps and geographic images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:no	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering how to spot a tornado
text:no i would like information and forcasting tornadoes	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to call
text:no i would like to know what time the sherwood regional library opens and closes	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a hotel near porterville
text:no im looking for a hospital or other medical provider in porterville	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports
text:no i want to know how they come up with the credit score they give people	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:have you been to this clinic before
text:it doesnt matter i am looking for housing information for outpatients there	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you interested in the full names of all of the past presidents of the united states
text:yes i would like the full names of all the presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to kinow the phone nummber to arkadelphia health club
text:no i need reviews and locations of arkadephia arkansas health clubs	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know specific products from the company bobcat
text:yea attachments for trailors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:
text:	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area
text:yes if they involve cars	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to know the penguins schedule
text:no i want pictures of penguins	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you interested in new york hotel prices
text:no i want to know what luxury hotels are in new york city	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:yes parts for an american standard toilet	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are there specific jobs you are looking for
text:not sure so what i really need is a list of the various job search engines i can use for finding a job in conneticut	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals
text:no	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a puppy
text:maybe	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for toilet cleaners
text:no im looking for bidet manufacturers	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know a list of top gmat prep classes
text:no i just want general gmat prep class avalibilities	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking to buy joints
text:no im looking for information about joint functions in the body causes of joint pain and how to treat it	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information on arizona wildlife
text:no just take me to the arizona game and fish website	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see an instruction manual
text:no i would like reviews of the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know internet phone service providers
text:yes free ones	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:no risk factors and causes	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to cook a pork tenderloin
text:yes how long and how hot should i cook it	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i am looking for a list of events held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:no im looking for bidet manufactuers	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:yes dialup	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like application information for the michegan works program
text:no i am looking for career resources for job seekers in michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes looking for volvo	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview
text:yes i need examples of thank you letters after interviews	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:what type of furniture are you looking for
text:for small spaces along with do and dont suggestions	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in learning if your credit report is safe
text:maybe	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you interested in where in alabama indian tribes lived
text:yes and i would like a list of the tribes and all the information you can find about them	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports
text:no i just want to know how credit scores are calculated	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know what channel espn is
text:no im looking for information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you need to contact yahoo
text:no i want to log in	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:no i just want information on crash diets	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:no i want information about the avon products company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for specific neil young songs
text:no i want to know his tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to lipomassage
text:no	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what probe visited uranus
text:no i am looking for an overview of uranus appropriate for elementary to middle school kids	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to know the hours of operation
text:yes	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:no	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:
text:	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you have a preference of the casino in french lick
text:no i would like to see a list of all the jobs that are available at the french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:are you interested in the outcomes of the civil war battles in south carolina
text:which ones were fought there	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:where are you looking to mount the antenna
text:no i want to go to the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:i am interested in diet plans that follow keto or atkins diet	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:is this for mobility or fun
text:mobility	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:no i am looking for satellite maps	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit
text:no i am looking to purchase	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:yes poker tournaments in las vegas	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the nutritional content of rice
text:no thank you what i would like are delicious rice recipes	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:which tv and computer information would you like to know more about
text:i would like to learn how to watch general television programming	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how low would you like to lower your heart rate
text:i dont know just something lower than what it is	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need help navigating the website
text:yes for services availalble to the unemployed	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:
text:	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:how did you file your previous year taxes
text:i filed by paper	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:no i was wondering if dialup is still a thing any internet providers currently sell	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need details on where jax chemical company is
text:no i need to know the jax chemical company homepage	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:
text:	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:is there any specific music genre you are interested in
text:no i want to know the inventor of the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know how much a kenmore gas water heater is
text:no i need information on them	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the watch brand
text:no football team	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need a map of arkansas
text:no i want college information	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have any medical conditions
text:im not sure but can you tell me some general method anyway	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary
text:no i am interested in the cemetarys history	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you interested in law school
text:yes precisely	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:is this tangible personal property tax just for you
text:i dont know	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview
text:no how to write a post0interview thank you note	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:
text:	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms
text:no i need information on computer worms viruses and spyware	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know how many joints the human body has
text:no i would like to know about joints in woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you a dj
text:i want to find out about the types of jobs djs have available to them	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for any specific venues in porterville
text:id like to know about the k12 schools in porterville	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want an espn sports schedule
text:no	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:
text:	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you plan to sign up for coverage online
text:it all depends on how much it would cost me	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol
text:no i want to take the survey about my interaction with a state trooper	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:i want to know what types of toilets there are and how they differ	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:where can i find calories charts for dieting	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you intereted in the diet of bobcats
text:no	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map
text:yes and i also need directions on how to get there	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear pittsburgh penguin news
text:no i want pictures of penguins from the movie madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how much do you need to lower your heart rate
text:i was wondering if a high heart rate is related to heart disease	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design tracers
text:no i am looking for flame design decals	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the business she started
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for information on the music man musical
text:yes i am looking for the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family
text:i just want to know what medical services are available there	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you interested in french lick resort and casinos hours of operation
text:no i want to know about package deals to stay there	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal
text:no i need the homepage of the paralegal association	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet
text:no am interested in the city named flushing	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:would you like to know about inventions related to music
text:yes specifically the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i just want some tips	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling equipment
text:no i would like to know how to grill chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology course
text:no	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:no i would like a picture of the flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:which counties law would you like clarification on
text:the county i live in	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:do you want to learn more about the usda food pyramid
text:yes i do	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need to see what is sold there
text:yes	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows
text:yes i need to know how to install weather strips on car windows	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you neeed dry wall products
text:no i want information on pink flyod the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company
text:no	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you need traveling assistance or direction
text:i do not know	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha cosplay
text:not at all i need fan forums andwebsites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate
text:yes	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth life cycle
text:i want to know what moth eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no i am looking for resources on learning ad teaching korean	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game are you interested in
text:old ones	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for payment information
text:no just to register	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm
text:no i want to know about computer worms	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:i need to find some companies that offer gmat prep classes	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want ticket information	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland
text:i am looking for information on package deals for hotels near disneyland	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific titan
text:yes the nissan titan pickup truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you neeed dry wall products
text:no i am looking for vietnam vet memorial sites	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you asking what year the company originated
text:no just give me the companys home page	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a philosophy book
text:no i am interested in hamlets famous soliloquy with the quote to be or not to be	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to read reviews of hp mini 2140
text:yes i would like to read reviews of hp mini 2140	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in where they grow
text:no just show me pictures	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to know the penguins schedule
text:no i am interested in information about the penguin as in the animal	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you interested in going to south africa
text:not at the moment im just wanting to see pictures of it	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you interested in organ donation information
text:no i need to go to the virginia dmv homepage	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin
text:i want recipes and dry rubs for it	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need instructions on how best products to use for growth
text:no i want to know about materials needed to male a raised garden bed	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city
text:no the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to move to arkansas
text:im asking to see a map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility
text:yes i need to know the rules	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know how to use it
text:no i need to know which stores sell them	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music
text:i am interested in the beginning of music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:no i want a list of all the past presidents of the united states	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see information on fishing in arizona
text:yes specifically regulations from arizona fish and wildlife	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about
text:am looking for any brand	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no website dedicated to alien versus predator	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:no	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is the tax rate for the state you are in
text:no i want to know the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes the homepage for the tennesse titans	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for her whereabouts
text:no i would like to learn the historical information on madam c j walker	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs
text:no i am looking for information on how to become a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what specific joint are you interested in
text:no specific joint i want explanations of different woodworking joints	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in what draws a moth to flame
text:no i want to know what moth eggs look like	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:which internet phone service providers are you interested in
text:can you tell me the cost of all of them	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:yes	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need to know what are symptoms of the injury
text:yes any information	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dog are you looking for
text:no just show me to their web page	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black celebrities
text:no i am interested in a timeline for african amercian in the united states	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for similar artists to neil young
text:no i am looking for lyrics of sheet music of neil youngs songs	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see videos by the pastor
text:no i am looking for articles about him in regards to his invocation and president obamas inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in interview thank you letters
text:yes	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized
text:i dont know	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in gardening
text:no i want information about the author of the secret garden	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information about voip phone services
text:no i need free phone internet services	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to buy some parts for this equipment
text:no i just want information about the bowflex	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need a phone number
text:no i need the location of the stores	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you talking about the stock price of the giant
text:no need help logging in	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a fever
text:i dont know but i am wondering why my sore throat only hurts on one side	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you interested in the music man
text:yes	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy
text:i am not looking to buy just the cheat codes for ps2 games	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you intereted in the diet of bobcats
text:no i am interested in the bobcat machines	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to learn about unc the school
text:yes athletics	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:no	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there
text:no just show me a map	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need the address or location for the company
text:i just need information on the scientific user facilites of the laboratory	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no i need to find satellite tv providers	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in the invention of modern music or the beginning of all music
text:im interested in beginning of all music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want the definition of fibromyalgia
text:no i want to know about support groups	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies
text:i want to know how a credit score is calculated	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for fencebuilding materials
text:yes and i need to know how to build a wooden fence	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home
text:yes but more specifically id like to see relevant office supplies	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in the ranking of mitchell college
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you need tickets for the music man
text:no i need to find lyrics to the song from the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:no i want to find information about the college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the titans from titanfall
text:no titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:what area of the country do you live in
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to know the news about the border wall
text:no i want web sites about the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for some photos
text:yes and other information as well	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know how old ron howard is
text:no i am interested in knowing what movies ron howard directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information on arizona wildlife
text:no show me information about hunting guides and outfitters for arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information related to music notation and written music
text:no i want to know about the history of classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to go to a djs website
text:no information on hip hop djs	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha
text:no im looking for wallpapers of inuyasha not seasons	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone
text:no just give some of the varying opinions on the subject	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix
text:no i which to readreviews of the university of phoenix programs	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which hospital facility are you look for
text:alexian brothers hospitals	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need direction to your new york hotel
text:i need to book an inexpensive hotel	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:
text:	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:yes i want a list of past presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:no just translating	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:
text:	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:yes i am	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:
text:	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:
text:	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:there are some interesting articles on preventing forearm pain are you interested
text:yes and i want to read about tendinitis in the forearm	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro
text:yes please	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want to find some resoutces
text:yes i would like resources for nutrition and diet information for diabetics	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:i am looking for those internet providers that have dialup still	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin
text:no i need instructions on grilling a pork tenderloin	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique
text:no i want to know how to arrange furniture to create the illusion of more space in a room	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like to know of upcoming concert dates
text:no i am looking for a list of albums	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro
text:yes i would	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:my question is related to forearm pain but not to its causes	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:no i need the historical information about the office of the president of the united states	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado
text:i would like to know how i could know when a tornado will occur	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online
text:no i am trying to find summaries for er tv episodes	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to know how big they grow
text:no i would like to know what the flower is	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:do you need information for group or individual ticket prices for tours of the uss yorktown
text:neither i am looking for historical information about the uss yorktown aircraft carriers used during ww2	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you interested in alabama towns named after tribes
text:no i am interested in the tribes that lived in alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like me to contact them for you
text:i am just looking for the homepage on the internet	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know who should take the test
text:no i want to know what the sit and reach test measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you looking for biological information on his family
text:no i need the specific time magazine article titled barack obamas family tree	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:what year of volvo do you need information about
text:i need new or used volvo semi trucks	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking fro a gs base payscale table for 2018
text:no i need to know does the federal wage system affect the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in the history of atari
text:yes but tell me about classic atari games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what things to do and see are you interested in
text:i want information about the uss yorktown	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos
text:one that has the best ratings online	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:no i need to know i want tips and charts for countain calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you interested in a specific aspect of uplift at yellowstone national park
text:can you take me to the homepage for the yellowstone volcano observatory	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:no i just need general information on fixing a toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is this for an emergancy
text:no	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:
text:	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:is there any specific information that you need about online courses held by university of phoenix
text:yes i want to now what online programs are offered	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information on arizona wildlife
text:no im looking for regulations and laws for hunting and fishing in arizona	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:is there a specific time period you are interested in
text:i am interested in the tribes that are located in alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information
text:no just information on hunting and fishing regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:would you like stories about the national guard in hurricane irene in manville nj
text:yes	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for pictures of the mgb
text:no i am just looking for other people with common interests	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to listen to his music
text:perhaps but i need some specific information related to that	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain length of pvc pipe
text:no	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you think your dog is in heat
text:no i need to know the symptoms of a dog overheating	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:no	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club
text:i am not sure	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:what type of car do you want parts for
text:none i need a location for a salvage or junk yard	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:no	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wondering what causes sore throat
text:yes what is the cause of a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to see inuyasha manga
text:no i want to see fan forums and websites of inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live
text:i want to know restrictions on deer hunting	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement
text:no i want to know about the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want the address
text:no i want reviews of the disneyland hotels	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to see the retailers selling it
text:yes i would like to see the retailers who sell skeet games	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to see other songs about survival
text:no i am interested in the the lyrics of the song to i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot
text:yes specifically what games are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically
text:no just the homepage will do	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents
text:no that wouldnt help	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information
text:no just stats	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol
text:no	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you interested in new york hotel prices
text:yes i am interested in the least expensive new york hotel prices	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want the history of the civil right movement
text:no i want to know what issues were addressed in the civil rights act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal
text:no just explain the basic duties to me	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:yes i would like to see examples of ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:i want tips on how to grill vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game
text:no i want a biography of the beatles rock band	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:no i would like a link to a website where i can see reviews about disneyland hotels	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see videos by the pastor
text:no	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:would you like to know how to catch moths
text:no	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:no i would like to know where i can purchase iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer
text:yes id like to see used or discounted ellipticala trainers for sale in my area	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments
text:no i want to learn about throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in heavy trucks part
text:no more in personal than commercial vehicle parts	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to register a domain name
text:i want to know where i need to go in order to register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate
text:no	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:which days history did you want to see
text:no i wanted to know where do i find my internet browsing history on my computer	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need more information about the sat test
text:yes i need to register	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what area is florida are you interested in
text:miami beach	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to register a domain name
text:no	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:are you looking for homes or demographic information
text:are you looking for homes or demographic information	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns temperature
text:no i would like to find the homepage for the uk newspaper the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:i would like to find texas holdem tournaments only	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know how many different types of worms there are
text:no id like to know what role worms play in nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know how to get to the american military university
text:no i want reviews on american military universitys quality of education	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:
text:	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics
text:no i am trying to find information about the treatment of malignant lipolysis	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:
text:	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term
text:no i want to know a listing of companies that offer long term care insurance	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking to buy or lease
text:i am looking to buy	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account
text:yes	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:what major are you interested in
text:it doesnt matter	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life
text:possibly if she was involved in political and social issues early on in life	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know about butter and margarine making process
text:yes	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for mini gastric bypass surgery
text:no i want information on mini gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office
text:no	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the specific company
text:no	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:is it for a blog or for online retail
text:i need to registar my domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want to know how to obtain someones credit report
text:no i want to dispute something on a credit report	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on how to keep your credit report good
text:no i want to know how the score is computed	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific league
text:yes i need nba standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included
text:yes	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to do in the poconos
text:i need information about the raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know how many species are there of vines for shade
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:would you like their names or their meaning
text:i would like a list of their names	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what year model are you looking for
text:i dont know just give me a variety of them to look at at	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:the history of flame design
text:no i am interested in good designs for flame tattoos	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like more info on tsa guidelines
text:and other tips on air travel	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:what specific joint are you interested in
text:i am interested in joing pain treatments in general	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no show me satellite radio system providers	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a specific kind of maps and images
text:no i am just looking for providers of satellite radio systems at this time	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for homeopathic sore throat treatments
text:no i am looking for at home remedies for a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:what mothers day song are you looking for
text:nothing specific just a list of artists that have recorded mothers day songs	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in a specifc song from the beatles
text:no i am looking for the members names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:no just symptoms of ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:i dont know	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:
text:	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for the history of classical music
text:no	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins
text:no i would just like to find the pittsburgh penguins merchandise	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know the size of the planet
text:not necessarily but what im looking for will certainly contain that information	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want information on his death
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:yes	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:how much do you know about markup language on wiki
text:i don know	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin
text:i dont know	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in treatments for hip fractures
text:yes and other information on hip fractures that occur in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what kind of place would you like to stay at in the poconos
text:i would like to stay at the split rock resort	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed
text:no i just want the google maps website	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see a gs salary calculator
text:no i want to know if all us federal government agencies use the general schedule pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know the first song ever recorded
text:no i just want to find history on classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what type of website do you need
text:the type that can give me information and courses on designing websites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:yes i would like to know which foods contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:yes id like more information about that town	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need directions to east ridge high school
text:no i need the demographics of east ridge high school in lick creek kentucky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna
text:read more about the antennas specifically reviews of wilson antennas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you trying to find more information about rick warren
text:no i want to read the debate between mccain and obama hosted by warren	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:no i want	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for casinos near french lick resort
text:no i am looking for discount stay packages at french lick resort and casino	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know how to get to arkansas
text:no i would information about its colleges and universities	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:what year do you want to begin contributing 403b
text:i want to start in 2019	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see information on fishing in arizona
text:yes the arizona fishing report	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need product information
text:only from jax checmical company	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no just something with a good map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:do you need information about a specific employer
text:no i am looking for general information on the equal employement opportunity commission not information about a specific employer	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:no i am interested in a recipe for grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you looking for recipes with figs
text:no i would like information on different varieties of figs	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on
text:no i want to know the names of the members of the beatles	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to play atari arcade games online
text:no i need some information about the classic atari games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you trying to compare android to ios
text:no i want to know which cell phone providers have motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:no i am looking for tutorials or videos about learning to speak korean	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county
text:i dont know	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win
text:yes for cars	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:no i want the symptoms of ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want a map
text:yes i want to see a map	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to a medical condition for your pet
text:no	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:do you want stepbystep directions
text:yes	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:no i am just looking for general gmat prep help	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:do you need information about cell phone plans
text:maybe but more importantly what free phones do the different vendors offer	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what type of activity are you looking for
text:information about the uss yorktown	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site
text:yes i want to go to yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know the cost of internet phone service
text:no the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for cell phones for kids
text:no	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:
text:	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for specific courses
text:no for now just tell me what their basic duties are	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like information on this years keyboards
text:no i need to know the best gaming keyboards	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the internet browser
text:no i want yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in how much you can get from this program
text:maybe i just want general information about it at the moment	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:
text:	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need the cause of the injury
text:no i want to know how many hip fractures occur in the us every year	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:would you like to know how it functions
text:yes i would like to know about that	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a federally funded food stamp program or one that is funded by the state government
text:i think it is a federally funded program	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map
text:i would like to know what the make	labels:What products do they grow and/or raise there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in digital pianos
text:yes i am	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no i want to know the lowcost broadband isps	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in kansas city mo tourism
text:yes i am	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in satellite maps
text:yes i would like google maps	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine
text:no	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what uranus is made of
text:i cannot answer about my uranus is made of	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:is there any specific historical movement on your mind
text:no	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting writings by the pastor
text:no	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins
text:no not the pittsburgh penguins i would like pictures of the penguins from the movie madagasca	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know what country the source is in
text:no i need to find the rules for the game called source of the nile	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the actors in the music man
text:no i am looking for recordings of songs from the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:yes what are the symptoms of ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to see their homepage
text:yes and i specifically would like to see what products they have for treating surfaces	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you wish to know how music videos started
text:no i want to know the history of rock and roll	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects hart beat rate
text:no i do not want to know about the hart animal	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:
text:	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes
text:no	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon
text:im looking for information about buying a used trombone	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to compare different ron howard movies
text:no i would just like the movies he directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to contact somebody here
text:no just tourism information on vanuatu	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want themed maps
text:no	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:
text:	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:did you find them
text:no i am looking for information and not actual coins	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate
text:no i want the atheltics department homepage for mitchell college	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want a designer dog
text:no i want a list of all the recognized breeds and varieties	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like directions to the sherwood regional library
text:no i want to learn about services provided by the library	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:
text:	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like to read reviews about michworks
text:not at this time i would like a list of available jobs	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you interested in finding out the rates for indexed annutiies
text:kind of as well as who offers them	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus
text:i want to read about uranus but not from a traditional encyclopedia	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which part of the river are you more interested in
text:i am more interested in the source or mouth of the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you interested in an online site for diabetes
text:i am interested in the american association of diabetes educators homepage in particular	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for lapidary classes
text:no im looking for rock and gems shows	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol
text:no i am curious about their responsibilities	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want information on the tax board
text:yes i do	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company
text:no just how to dispute credit report information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs
text:no i would like information about the business that cj walker started	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:would you like to know the histories of the observatories
text:yes	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to sell furniture
text:no	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in lodgings
text:yes am interested in lodgings at the resort	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what are cosidered designer dog breeds
text:no i need to find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know the meaning of the quote
text:no i want to know all famous quotes from shakespeares plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains
text:i would like to know about split rock resort in the poconos	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:are you looking for information about efiling federal income tax return
text:yes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know more about its history
text:no	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment
text:no i want to find the homepage of the equal employment commission	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:no i am seeking information on foods that contain iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:no im looking for information on the different types of toilets that there are	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett
text:i want the biographical notes	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs
text:yes i am looking for djs that specialize in hiphop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like historical information on madam cj walker
text:yes i want to know about the business they started	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want to know about a specific indiana child support law
text:no i want to know if there is a law firm that offers serviices relevant to indiana child support law	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia
text:no just tell me the signs of fybromyalgia	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos
text:i want to know what health impact aspestos can have on my body	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:no i want the homepage for veritasprep	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:what would you like to know about the dog heat season
text:no i want to know what excessive heat can do to dogs	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know what a weather strip is
text:no i want to know how to weather strip my door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:no	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:20 pounds in a month	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018
text:yes i want to see the general schedule base pay table	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:no just some common phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018
text:no i need information about withdrawal limits	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:no i am looking for information on the barbados prime minister david thompson	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:do you have any type of asbestos in mind when you ask about the dangers of asbestos
text:no i just want general information of the dangers	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects hart beat rate
text:yes that is part of it plus techniques to lower it	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:
text:	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know a phone number to call
text:no i am looking for hotels near the orange county convention center not a phone number	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want an espn sports schedule
text:no i am interested in nba basketball standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know awards er has won
text:no i want to find summaries of episodes	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there a specific product you are looking for from the store
text:no i need the location of the stores	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:i dont know i want information on living with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:no i need information on president obama the person	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i want to know how to get an appointment there	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know the address
text:yes and other information like contact	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for specific program information
text:no i want to know what medical services are available there	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical
text:no	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:the current one	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:how soon is this needed
text:immediately i need any information on what are the options having to do with all medical services in sonoma	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:have you been to the poconos before
text:no i need information about the split rock resort there though	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like to know about frank lloyd wrights family
text:general biography of him	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need help finding your new york hotel
text:no i am looking for an inexpensive hotel	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no i am looking for info on iron deficiencies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is
text:no i would like to see product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english
text:no	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:
text:	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are you seeking the most andor least affected areas of flooding during irene in manville nj
text:yes i want all details regarding flooding from hurricane irene in manville nj	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know other related tests
text:no i am interested specifically in this test only	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:have you been to this clinic before
text:just tell me the services avaible	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology book
text:i am interested in something specific not just any psychology book	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for butter and margarine comparison
text:yes i am specifically nutritional differences	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:is there any specific music genre you are interested in
text:no i want to find out just how and where music originated and by whom	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts
text:no i want to know what being in heat means	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in how pvc is made
text:no	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need stock price values for the company
text:no i am interested in the types of research projects performed at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for
text:i need the raffles hotel in dubai	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in learning the history of the beatles
text:yes i would like to know how they started and the band members	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc are you interested in
text:where all doe the university of north carolina have satelite campuses	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:no i want to know about the background of satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know if dnr is legal where you live
text:no i want to know more about online hunting license	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university
text:no i would like to go to the american military university home page	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:i want to know how important iron is for our body	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for her whereabouts
text:no i want to know which issues she was involved in	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in playing online games
text:no i need information on classic atari games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to know the penguins schedule
text:no i would just like to go to the pittsburgh penguins websites homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to learn more about pvc pipes and fittings
text:yes	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games
text:classic atari games are what im interested in	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the music from inuyasha
text:yes i am	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know where to buy a designer dog breed
text:yes	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale
text:no i would like to know the general schedule pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to purchase one or rent it
text:i would like to purchase one	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for a health club or a country club
text:i am looking for informaton on health clubs in arkadephia arkansas	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you looking for treatment options
text:no i am looking for information on the risk factors and causes of lymphoma in sogs	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you interested in scooter laws
text:no i want to find the homepage of hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you curious about rock and gem shows
text:most definitely	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:no i need a barbados map	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you interested in a specific type of product
text:yes i am looking for green patina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:no i want to find out about volleyball matches and other events that avp sponsors	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for jobs in richland
text:no i want information on pacific northwest laboratory facilities	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:price of a pork tenderloin
text:no i need to know how to make one	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140
text:reveiws for hp mini 2140	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what size are you looking for
text:im interested in all sizes of gas water heaters	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to know more about throat cancer
text:no i want out find about home remedies for a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs
text:i want photos of any dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix
text:no i want to know what programs do they offer online	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know how much dnr costs
text:no regulations	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year
text:no please tell me the requirements to be a tennessee highway patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find related artists
text:no just lyrics and sheet music for neil young	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which nile are you interested in learning about
text:i dont know	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know how to get to the american military university
text:no i just need its homepage	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to recycle used car parts
text:no i want to find places that sell them	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:would like to know about any specific sports team
text:no im looking for the newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what type of keyboard reviews are you looking for
text:i am looking for reviews of electronic keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates
text:no i want admission information	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement
text:yes i m interested in civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:wilson	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:yes chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:yes i would like information about dieting that requires no medications	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know who grades your sats
text:yes and any other information about the sat you can give me	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:no i need info on satellite tv	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:are you interested in remedies that are proven effective for treating a sore throat
text:yes specifically folk remedies for soothing a sore throat	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need a gs pay calculator
text:no i want to know about how the federal govertment agencies use gs pay tables	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know who should take the test
text:i want to know how the test is done	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:no im looking for informaiton on how to fix a toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking to fix a moth infestation
text:no	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:no im looking for general information on ocd	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to know more about pocono raceway
text:no	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need contact information
text:yes please	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on
text:i would like a list of beatles songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you interested in any specific rules
text:i would like to know who is eligible	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need a map of arkansas
text:yes that is what i need	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:no i need clothing iron dealers	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:
text:	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:no i want herbal diet supplements and appitite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview
text:yes am preparing to go to a interview	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information about the arizona game and fish department
text:yes take me to their homepage	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:is there a specific type of fact that you want to know
text:list of facts on the wikipedia page	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service
text:i want to know the best service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal
text:no i want to see images of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in where penguins live
text:no i want the hompage of the penguins hockey team	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i want to know what providers offer satellite radios	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you looking for the middle names of the early presidents
text:no i want to know what the full name of the presidents in the us	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:do you want the middle names of all of the presidents
text:i want a list of the full names of all of the us presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to read some reviews about american military university
text:yes	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one
text:the current food stamp program in iowa state	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located
text:i just need to visit the tennissee highway patrol website	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b
text:no only need detais on this plan only	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you interested in a specific type of product
text:no i want contact information for the company	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for the nearest junck yard
text:no i am looking for parts for semis and heavy trucks	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in what the the company imclone does
text:no i want to find sites that support martha stewart in regards to the insider trading case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd medications
text:no i am interested in the symptoms	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:no im wanting to know attractions and activites	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:no i want to know how to become one	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a history of the nile
text:more specifically i want to know more information about the feud between speke and burton over just who discovered the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair
text:this isnt related to my search	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know how old it is estimated to be
text:yes and other things we know along with stuff we are curious but ignorant about	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year
text:no just take me to their homepage	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know about the history	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you referring to the college in new london conneticut
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you know anything about the law
text:just tell me what abaapproved certifacte programs are available	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you looking for sewing patterns
text:no i just want beginning sewing websites	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know who carries this product
text:no i want to know the online consumers reviews	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:take me to veritas prep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:no i want to find satelite maps and geographic images	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know how old ron howard is
text:what is ron howards biograhy	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you want a jax chemical company coupon
text:yes	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed
text:either if they are free to print	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like a list of dinosaur movies
text:no im looking for coloring pages of dinosaurs	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:
text:	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:no im wondering who offers cheap digital cable television that is bundled with internet service	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:are you looking to reserve a space at the sherwood regional library
text:not necessarily i am interested in all of the activities classes and services that occur through or at sherwood regional library	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like a book about sewing
text:yes	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:have you used jackson hewitt before
text:i just want to know how to file online not information about jaskson hewitt	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i am looking for the page for the sports program at east ridge high school in clermont florida	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i am looking for a movie	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to learn about tractors
text:no i want to locate dealers that sell or rent bobcat brand tractors and equipment	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need the website for the university of phoenix
text:no	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man
text:no i want the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you want the distance between your current location and french lick resort and casino
text:no i want dicounted deals to stay at french lick resort	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the one where i can apply for iowas food assistance program	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in the gt or the roadster
text:yes but i want forums for sharing	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan
text:no i want the map of it	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:are you looking to eat the mushrooms
text:i am looking to eat mushrooms	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer
text:no id like to know if i should choose an eliptical	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat
text:no youre looking for the bobcat tractor not the animal	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:that might be useful to my question but it is not the basis of my query	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for information on its maintenance
text:no i need to know how a septic system is designed and how it works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs
text:yes a website that has free pictures	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need any specific tips on decoration
text:yes i would like to know how furniture can make a room look bigger	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no i want to find information about the college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in penguin vape
text:no	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the size of uranus
text:yes and other general information	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:yes	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to watch er tv show
text:no i want to find music from the tv show er	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know the meaning of the quote
text:yes	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth life cycle
text:no i am interested in moth diets	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats
text:no id like to know what causes sore throats	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is there a medical condition that you are looking heal
text:no i am looking for contact info for the mayo clinic	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a taxi
text:no i dont	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:would you like to see the a specific titan
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:were you looking for the causes of hip fractures
text:no i want to know how many occur each year	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to learn how to make furniture
text:no i need information about funiture placement and creating open living spaces	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know how much designer dog breeds cost
text:no i want to know what small breeds are there	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you wanting to know the illnesses that list sore throat as a symptom
text:specifically what diseases may cause sore throat only on one side	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for information on the origins of the company
text:no i am looking for the website	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm
text:no i want to know where to buy their products	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:no i want to go to the full tilt poker website	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:what about an interview do you need help with
text:i need to learn how to end it positively	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what gs pay scale are you looking for
text:i want to know about the federal wage systems affect on the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know the cost of internet phone service
text:yes i am looking for informationn on the cost of internet phone service	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking to purchase or repair a unit
text:i am looking for features and benefits of kenmore gas water heaters	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for attractions near porterville
text:no i am interested in medical care in porterville	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:have you been to this clinic before
text:what is the contact information for the mayo clinic located in jacksonvile fl	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific type of rice
text:no i want info about former secretary of state condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available
text:i want directions to drive there	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:im interested in crash diets	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what location of alexian brothers hospital do you want to know about
text:the closest one	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who started the movement
text:no i want a timeline of the civil rights movement	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:how many generations would you like me to list from president obamas family tree
text:i dont want his family tree i just want biographical information on his mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:should i request an application to mitchell college
text:no only information on the athletics department	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking
text:no i am wondering the benefits to quitting smoking	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:i am not interested in this topic	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you need traveling assistance or direction
text:no	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:should i request an application to mitchell college
text:yes and show me information about their admissions process in general	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:is this for mobility or fun
text:either just take me to the hoveound scooter homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:yes	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know where their headquarters is located
text:no i want to know how to gain employment from them	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much data do you need stored
text:a lot	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in a specific part of a home
text:no find info on the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial
text:neither im looking for more info on blushing or cheeks turning red	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know about obamas ancestors
text:yes specifically his mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list
text:ones that are hosted at clubs	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in history in the united states
text:more specifically i am interested in the history of african american inventors and what their names are	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a specific place here
text:yes im looking for medical care centers	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking to book a trip to vanuatu
text:maybe but i need some info on some vanuatu locations	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:no i just need a map	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about which sports espn covers
text:noim looking for college football and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery
text:no	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:yes i am looking for information about barack obama	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know about any specific acts
text:yes i want to know how martin luther king jr contributed to the movement	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see pictures of a sore throat
text:no i want to know what hoem remedies are recommended for a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to see inuyasha manga
text:yes pictures and wall paper sized images	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park
text:no i want to know about the changes resulting from the uplift	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you located in jacksonville fl
text:no i need the contact information for mayo clinic in jacksonville florida	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:
text:	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need to see what is sold there
text:no im looking for their web site	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for
text:yes and other historical information about her	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:wou you like to know more about 3in1 credit reports
text:no	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for some medication
text:no i am looking for home remedies for a sore throat	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like directions to mitchell college
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for lab jobs
text:i dont think so	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you interested in jobs at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no im interested in services provided at mayo clinic in jacksonville fl	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine
text:yes that is also help but i am interested in the major differences of both types of fats	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like to purchase a indexed annuity
text:yes i would like to buy an indexed annuity	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:cb antennas at wilson antenna	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:im looking for what kinds of toilets there are and how are they different	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you interested in neil youngs history
text:no i am looking for sheet music and lyrics to neil youngs songs	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking to fix a moth infestation
text:no i an intersted in seeing photos of moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know the difference between a watch and a warning
text:no i would like to know which tornadoes were the deadliest in history	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need stock price values for the company
text:no i would like to know who operates pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you requesting information about the dangers of asbestos or the symptoms of associated with asbestos exposure
text:neither i need to know about mortality rates from being exposed to asbestos	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you need to know all of the locations for french lick resort and casino
text:no i want to know if there are discounted packages to stay there	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no this not what am looking for	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to know about the tennessee titans
text:no	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol
text:i need the website for the tn highway patrol	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want the name of one person
text:no what im looking for will contain names of numerous people	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean the department of natural resources
text:yes the michigan department of natural resources	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you need technical specifications for the hp mini 2140
text:no i want product reviews of it	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design
text:no just explain how one works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:what year of volvo do you need information about
text:i just need a source online for volvo parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:what variety of figs are you interested in
text:im interested in general information about all of the varieties	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information
text:no i wish to see all general information related to the iowa food stamp program	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:are you concerned if the food pyramid is out of date
text:i am not interested in this topic	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in playing online games
text:yes i want to play old atari games online	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to know how much it costs to stay here
text:yes and information on package deals	labels:Find information on package deals from hotels near Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design
text:yes i am interested in septic system design and would also like to know what maintenance is required	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what type of information about the show do you need
text:i want to download or watch it online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know about specific key people
text:no i am interested in the legislation and what specifically it was trying to address and problems it aimed to solve	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:do you want to know what food they are famouss for
text:just in general what are they known for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:should there be anything else besides the flames
text:no only flames designs	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what cell phone apps are you interested in
text:no i want to know about free phones offered by the various vendors	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles
text:no i want the names of the members	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a specific designer dog breed
text:no i am interested in all designer breeds puppies for sale	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know how old it is estimated to be
text:possibly that and other information on uranus wikipedia page	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for a way to do this with pictures
text:yes	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in purchasing it online
text:i would like to know what other people think of the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement
text:yes i would like to know what happened during the civil rights movement	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:i need websites that sell iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:
text:	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you want to know the cost of lipoma removal
text:i want to know what age group it affects	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:may i provide you medical definition of premature ventricular contractions
text:no i need to know about the material used in pipes	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:no i would like information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy
text:i dont know right now i just want to know which new games are being released	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:what year do you want to know the gs pay rate for
text:no i need to know if the federal wage system effects the gs	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want to buy their music
text:no i am interested in their band names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know the average salary in this state
text:no but i am interested in a process for obtaining connecticut employment	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i need satellite internet providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:what would you like to know about his family
text:no i want to know what movies ron howard has directed	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:would you like the different services that are provided
text:yes please	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:would you like to know how to reduce clutter
text:no im looking for catalogs to buy office supplies that reduce clutter	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in hearing facts about the proposed border wall
text:no i want info on the vietnam vets memorial in dc	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games
text:no i want websites for newly announced ps2 games	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:is the secret garden a book you are interested in
text:no i need the reviews	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:
text:	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a software
text:yes	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in where they grow
text:no i want the name of the state flower of idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i want the yellowstone volcano observatory website	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you looking for some fun facts
text:give me the state flower of idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in recipes you can make with figs fresh or dried
text:yes doesnt matter whether fresh or dried	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for reviews of djs
text:no i am looking for jobs	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want general information about the test
text:yes general information about the sit and reach test	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report
text:yes	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:no im not	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to the company called satellite industries inc
text:no just general info on satelittles	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to go to a djs website
text:yes but wedding djs	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:yes a bundle consisting of digital cable and internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:were you looking for how cell phones work
text:yes what companies have prepaid phones and what kind are available	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in condos in sale
text:no i juat want to rent a condo for a vacation	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a certain philosohper
text:no just the text from shakespeares hamlet	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you seeking to watch martha stewart and imclone
text:no i want information on the insider trading case martha stewart was involved in	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:no i need to find tourist activities in barbados	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker
text:yes	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like me to contact them for you
text:no i want to know how to become a tn highway patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the specific company
text:yes pacific northwest laboratory	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what colors do you want to use
text:just show me a variety of designs and then i will decide	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about piano keys
text:what is the best computer keyboard currently	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find related artists
text:i want to find neil yong albums	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:is there any specific music genre you are interested in
text:rock music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about unc sports
text:yes can you find reports	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking to take a class about diabetes
text:yes am interested in diabetes classes	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer
text:no i want comparisons with them and other fitness machines as far as benefits go	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you purchasing pork tenderloin today
text:i dont know	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:any poker tournaments	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth biology
text:yes i am for identification purposes	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:which city in arkansas are you interested in
text:i want information on little rock	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery
text:no i am interested in who is eligible to be interred at this cemetary	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you know what an indexed annuity is
text:i do not know what an indexed annuity is i want to find that out as well as the advantages and disadvantages of the different kinds of annuities	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:i am interested in the forearm from an anatomical standpoint	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the current performance of the music man
text:no i am looking for the script	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for specific courses
text:no for now just take me to the paralegal association homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for the history of classical music
text:yes that is precisely what i am looking for	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for sale on ebay
text:yes	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the author
text:yes	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the first president ever
text:no im looking for historical information about the office of the president of the united states	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:no	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater
text:yes i need some reviews of kenmore gas water heaters	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to take a zuma class at arkadelphia health club
text:no i want to know the locations for that area and relevant online reviews	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you interested in a pork recipe
text:yes i want to know how to cook tenderloin on a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:in what country is the secret garden located
text:no i want to know about the broadway musical of the sleeping garden	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices
text:i need the website for the virginia dmv	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a directions to the new york hall of science in flushing meadows corona park
text:no i want to know more about the act of blushing or cheeks turning red	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:id like pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you trying to login to the boards website
text:i do need to do something on the website but its beyond just logging in there	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut
text:no	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want general information about the test
text:yes	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to know different types of it
text:yes along with reviews of each and comparison informative	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information about computer viruses
text:no worms in nature	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what local rock and gem shows are you looking for from this list
text:im hoping to find a rock and gem show that has classes in lapidary	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack
text:yes please tell me the early signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you needing wireless or wired keyboard reviews
text:i am interested in all keyboard reviews	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to berkeley from bart sf
text:i dont know	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what season of er are you interested in
text:i am looking for music from all the seasons	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to know more about hr block
text:maybe i just want to know more about filing my taxes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know if the tennessee highway patrol has reported any accidents
text:no i want to know how to become a state trooper in tn	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy
text:im not sure depends what they have for sale	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:
text:	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know where the nile is located
text:no	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for furniture for a specific room
text:furniture for small rooms yes	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:what are you trying to learn about diabetes
text:no but will you please take me to the homepage of the american association of diabetes educators website	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels
text:i want to know how they determine vldl levels	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:are you interested in what george bush sr did after being president
text:i am looking for information about biographies of george bush sr	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you interested in finding rock and gem shows near you
text:yes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:no	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you having forearm pain
text:i only need information on tendinitis in the forearms	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death
text:yes please also include general biographical info too	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:which type of diabetes do you want to learn about
text:i dont know	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:are you interested in what hawaiian volcano observatories do
text:yes i am thank you	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:not just cheap i want to find free wireless providers	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018
text:no im interested in seeing how the federal wage system influences the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:
text:	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:no id just like some basic information on the disease	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions
text:would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no any web site about the vietnam veterans memorial would be good	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:i want to find satellite telephons	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration
text:no i need the homepage	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you talking about a psychology course
text:no i am not interested in that information	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine
text:no	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need repair information
text:no i need to find reviews of the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education
text:no i want to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:which battle would you like to learn about how the technique of flushing was used
text:i want to see a map of the the town of flushing in the state of new york	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for what country arkansas is
text:id like to know about colleges and universities there	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:who you be interested in becoming a diabetes educator
text:yes i would but i need to know how i would go about becoming a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to be informed as to whre the tennesse highway patrol academy is located
text:no i want to know what the requirements are for becoming a tennessee highway patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:which dinosaurs are you interested in
text:all dinosaurs	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:
text:	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking for a specific price range
text:i am looking for general information on oceanfront vacation rental condos in florida	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:
text:	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you
text:no i am interested in famous quotes of shakespeares plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word
text:no i want to log in to my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase
text:no i want biographical info on sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:no i want a map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no i need information on the city of bellevue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to know the news about the border wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on what is in a credt report
text:no im looking specifically to how its determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know why dogs heat up
text:no i need to know symptoms of heatrealted illinesses in dogs	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you wish to know how music videos started
text:noi want to know the inventor of radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:who is ralph owen brewster
text:i need information about ralph owen brewster and his relationship with howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in history in the united states
text:no	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:who is ralph owen brewster
text:he was an elected official	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know how to care for your dog during heat
text:no i want to know what happens when a dog is too hot	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to the philosopher aristotole
text:no what is hamlets famous text	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to know the status of your return
text:i want to know how i can efile my return	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company
text:no i am interested in personal opinions on this case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time
text:no i am just looking for sites that sell car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is
text:no i want to look at retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how much do you need to lower your heart rate
text:i need to know how to lower it	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word
text:neither i want to go to yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:no	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what their rating is compare to other car companies
text:i am interested in reviews on a volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a political debate
text:no im looking for a specific person	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for casinos in kansas city missouri
text:yes	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for an apartment in kansas city mo
text:no hallmark visitor center	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:no i would like to see images of their flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to see the retailers selling it
text:no i want to see reecalled items	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:what place do you want a map of
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you at risk for having a heart attack
text:no i want to know the differing symptoms of a heart attack between men and women	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you referring to the joints you roll
text:no im referring to joints used in woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for information on its maintenance
text:yes precisely	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you interested in what their job duties are
text:no i am interested in information about the supporters of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know where south africa is on the map
text:no im looking for photos of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:no just tell me some examples	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information
text:no i want to see sites that support her	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need to book a dj for an event
text:no i want to find informatuion on how to become a radio disc jockey	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the music man
text:no i am looking for the music man lyrics	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:what would you like to schedule for saturday
text:no i would like to know what a good score is and an average score is for the sat	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for who invented the first instruments
text:no im looking for the history and development of music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:diabetes education regarding children or adults
text:i need nutrition and diet information for diabetics	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:no i want to find the providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have pain on both sides of your throat
text:i am looking for general information on throat cancer	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in aj raffles
text:ideas and help on how to create the perfect school raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information about cholesterol reports
text:yes specifically i need to know about good and bad vldl levels	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you want information on the differenct services that are provided
text:yes	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:
text:	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol
text:yes	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a recipe for grilled fish
text:no i want to know how to grill chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how big do you want your dog
text:i dont know	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:what type of car do you want parts for
text:heavy trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website
text:i want to know what jobs are available in michigan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:no i want to know more about how iron is an essential nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no i want to know about avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018
text:just the general plan	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for the definition to lipoma
text:no i am looking for the causes of lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to know the penguins schedule
text:no i am interested in clothing items only	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater
text:no i want information about gas heaters	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no i want to know about artificial outerspace satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:would you like to know ways to tie a tie
text:i would like to know how to tie a tie as a windsor knot	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of les miserables from pbs
text:i don care anywhere	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:no	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for sarah breedlove
text:no im looing for madam cj walker	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:what type of car do you want parts for
text:i just need to find out where the address for the carpartcom website	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to apply for a federal tax return online
text:yes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for information on the origins of the company
text:no i am looking for the types of surface treatment products jax chemical company manufactures	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see
text:the last two episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support
text:no	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no i want to read the history of hangul	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports personalities
text:no	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for lipoma removal
text:no im looking for the causes	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what brand of cell phones are you interested in
text:only motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what types of ps 2 games do you like to play
text:i need ps 2 game reviews	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you wnat sports scores
text:yes i want scores	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about the bellevue washington local government
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:no i want information on identifying it	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:what would you like to know about the civil right movement
text:i would like to know about the history of the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know facts about the creature worm
text:i would like to know facts about the creature worm	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on materials needed
text:no i want to find plans	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:which city in arkansas are you interested in
text:i am not interested in a specific city in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to know what events are held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want a condo for vacation or to live in
text:neither i need beachfront condos for sale in florida	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:just maps	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:
text:	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design
text:no	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer
text:no just channels and shows that are available on my computer	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win
text:no i am looking for a hotel called raffles located in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in purchasing it online
text:no i want to find recall notices	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate
text:i am referring to dnr orders used by the medical field and how to get one in place	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro
text:yes i am looking for a retailer i can buy a bowflex power pro from	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like reasons not to invest in an indexed annuity
text:no i wouldl like to know which companies offer indexed annuities	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know the name of the source
text:no i need instructions on the board game	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is someone you know experiencing a heart attack
text:i would like to know the signs	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map
text:no i want information on events	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company
text:no i want info about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:what area of the country do you live in
text:not what im looking for i want to find am bests ratings	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in history in the united states
text:yes specifically african american history	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia
text:no i am intereested in the symptoms of fybromyalgia	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking to buy a volvo
text:i cannot answer this specific question with information online or in the query	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you located in jacksonville fl
text:i need an appointment at the mayo clinic there	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:what score would you like to achieve on the gmat test
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to buy parts online or in person
text:im not sure where but i would like to buy parts	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to find local tournaments near you
text:yes specifically tournaments for texas holdem	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how big do you want your dog
text:no i want to know how to adopt a dog	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you need info on remedies
text:no i need to know about hip fractures specifically in elderly people	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:
text:	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for reviews related to it
text:no i am looking for retailers	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you need korean language classes
text:no	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:i want to know the 0	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you needing to know what its used for
text:no i need to know if there are any product recalls for them	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoo mail
text:yes i do	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:may i provide you with information regarding when ralph owen brewster died and cause of death
text:no i want to know his relationship with howard hughes	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:that would be helpful but i would like to know how to identify ocd in children as well as more information this condition	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai
text:no homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes i am interested in the homepage for the titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wondering where porterville is
text:no i want to find out what colleges and postsecondary institutions are located in porterville ca	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i need contact info for the mayo clinic in jacksonville	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know the first song ever recorded
text:no i would like to know who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you referring to a food stamp program that is current or a historical one
text:i have no clue	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want an espn sports schedule
text:no i want information of fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like written instructions or a video
text:i want the downloadlable dwing patterns instructions	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:no i am looking for information about the prime minister of barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no i want the home page for avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:no i am looking for internet service providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone
text:i am specifically interested in finding websites that show support to martha stewart in regards to her insider trading case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know who is eligible for the tangible personal property tax
text:no	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area
text:no im looking for a bio on sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you searching for your sat scores
text:i am looking for the average score	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for things to do around that area
text:no just a listing of nearby hotels	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like the definition of the word satellite
text:i want information on satellite phones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:yes	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in hallmark visitors center
text:yes show me information about the hallmark visitors center	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know how old ron howard is
text:yes i would love to know how old ron howard is	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:would you like to know the rules of the wall game show
text:id like to find out where i can buy the pink floyd album the wall	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores
text:no im looking for their official homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the best priced long term care insurance or best coverage
text:best price	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds
text:what events are there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard
text:i need reviews musical keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want to buy their music
text:no i would like to know the history of the rock band the beatles	labels:What is the history of the Beatles rock band?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you interested in a list of companies in which you can get credit reports
text:yes	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking into price difference of companies in your area
text:no just the best quality phone servie	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:yes i do have phone service	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to compare different ron howard movies
text:no i want to know about his family	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement
text:i am looking for the issues that were addressed in the civil rights act	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds
text:yes i would like driving directions to the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the population
text:no i want the map	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you looking for information on the purpose of joints
text:no	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:no i would like know his mailing address	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how to sign up for internet phone service
text:no i want to know how much internet phone service costs	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you talking about the navel academy
text:no the americal military university	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like a list of photographs commonly associated with biographies involving frank lloyd wright
text:no i would like to know biographical information about frank lloyd wright	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need any specific information about pnl
text:yes who operates or manages pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like a website about this topic
text:yes	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i need the homepage for the nih national diabetes education program	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information about voip phone services
text:no what is the best phone sevice	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you need any specific tips on decoration
text:how to utilize furniture in small spaces	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:no i am looking for the homepage for barbados underground	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for living room furniture
text:no i would like to know the effect of mirrored surfaces in small places	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl
text:no i am looking for the one in woodbury mn	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need to purchase a bart ticket
text:right now i want to plan a trip on bart	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to watch an inuyasha movie
text:no i would like to find music from inuyasha tv series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:what information do you need about bart sf
text:i need information on sites that automatically plan trips on the bart system	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in paid services
text:yes	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information in different types that can be made
text:i need to know the best wood to build a raised garden bed	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you willing to adopt a shelter dog
text:yes and i woul like an organization that will sell me one	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university
text:no	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs
text:no	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific hotel you are looking for
text:no just a list of luxury hotels	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what type of craft are you using the pvc for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to know more about the history behind the gs pay scale
text:i want to know if the federal wage system affects the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no i need to know how to translate something into the korean language	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for documentaries of people who live with ocd
text:yes i would like to see documentaries of people living with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:do you want to know what political party george bush sr is
text:no	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to become a paralegal
text:i dont know yet	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:no i want to know about bellevue hospital center	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:no	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:no i need information on iron deficiencies in the body	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to sell used car parts
text:no i want to buy used napa car parts	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you need information on any specific hybrids
text:no i want pictures of different diseigner dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no just show me some different office supply catalogs	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility
text:no	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes
text:i want to download them on my computer	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:no i am looking for a place to stay	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you interested in the history of air travel
text:no i am interested in finding information about the restrictions for checked baggage during air travel	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which department are you interested in at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:housing info for outpatients	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in
text:i am interested in the author of the novel	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know more about their responsibilities
text:yes i would like to know more about their services and responsibilites	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:
text:	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for information about how big the sun is
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have a specific purpose for the antenna
text:i dont know if i have a specific purpose i am just looking for reviews of the antenna	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:no i am looking for clothing irons	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect
text:i want to know what programs it offers	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know where the quote came from
text:yes i want some background of all shakespeare quotes	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:arey you conerned about someones face becoming red
text:yes	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to walnut creek from bart sf
text:no im searching for the train schedules and prices of bart trains	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named
text:yes i would lik to know when the idaho state flower was named	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for reviews of gps apps
text:no but i need reviews of cameras with a builtin gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for details about disneyland hotels
text:no i am looking for hotels near disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:is it for a blog or for online retail
text:no	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in ways to reduce vldl levels
text:no i want to know the difference between ldl hdl and vldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you need tickets for the music man
text:yes what dates are available	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to see symptoms of this
text:no home remedies	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for weather in arkansas
text:no i want info on colleges and universities in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need recommendations for djs
text:yes	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out what game platforms you can play the beatles rock bank game on
text:no i just want a list of the albums they released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you interested in learning more about satellite phones or radio
text:yes what are peoples experiences and reviews with satellite phones	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the weather in kansas city
text:hotels in kansas city	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:no i want to find tournaments	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner
text:i would like more information about the process of adopting a dog	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need help finding your new york hotel
text:i dont have a new york hotel	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed
text:no i would like to know which movies were directed by ron howard	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking to buy the album the wall online
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dog are you looking for
text:none i am looking for information about adopting	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:yes veritasprep	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:
text:	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need to see what is sold there
text:no i would like the address to the nearest discovery channel store	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is there a certain area that you need information on specifically
text:i need information on continental drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:how far back in time would you like to see from your history
text:i don know	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want to know where the nile is located
text:i am looking for a map of the nile river basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for the nearest junck yard
text:yes that would help	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need to purchase a bart ticket
text:possibly but i need more information on the bart system first	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for symptoms of fibromyalgia
text:no im looking for support groups for people who have fibromyalgia	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you also need information about oceanic plates
text:no i want information about tectonic plates	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:no i want to be able to use the internet without phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific tractor model
text:yes the bobcat model	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:no just get me some general job websites for connecticut	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game
text:no i am looking for a list of the kinds of dinosaurs that existed	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show
text:no i want to find music that featured on the show	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for parts for the mgb
text:no	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you interested in a pork recipe
text:yes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crock pot	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to register a domain name
text:yes specifically for free	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for different kinds of djs
text:yes but they need to specialize in hiphop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the countries in which bobcats are found
text:no im looking for the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard
text:thats possible but i need to know the location to find the parts	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:no just information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know what is considered a good score
text:no	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want more information about what an indexed annuity is
text:no i want to know where i can get them and who offers them	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:would you like to know how south carolina was affected by the battles fought on its ground
text:no i need to know what battles that took place in south carolina during the civil war	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:no	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for the news paper the sun
text:yes the uk newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:yes i am looking for home remedies for forearm pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know what figs taste like
text:no i know what they taste like	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interesting in a certain countrys black history
text:no i would like to find maya angelou poems	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you looking for learning material for school
text:i would like to know what facts we know about uranus and how it compares to open ended questions there are about the planet	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:no i want to know about the origins of the korean language	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:yes i would like tips on passing the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:using needle and thread or a sewing machine
text:i am looking for a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to see a picture of moth
text:no i want to know how to identify different types of moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you know about why its important to have iron in your diet
text:no just tell me what foods have iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know the size of the planet
text:i am looking for lesson plans and interactive websites for elementary to middle school students about the planet uranus	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:i want calorie counting tips	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for a free internet phone service
text:yes i am interested in free internet phone service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see
text:none i want to find websites about inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:
text:	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos
text:yes the latter the dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you need information about medical services
text:no i need information regarding the panthers sports teams of poterville high school in california	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a tourist map
text:no i want satellite maps	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:no for bestthegmat blog and forums	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know what happened during the civil rights movement
text:just the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what project do you want to use the pvc for
text:no i want information on premature ventricular contractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the history
text:yes that would be interesting	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to know more about hr block
text:yes tell me if they allow you to fill out my federal income tax return online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to harvest rice
text:no i want recipes that include rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to check out a certain book or see if it is available
text:no i need the hours of operation for the library	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:
text:	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for employment with sonoma country medical
text:no id like to learn more about lowincome health care coverage in sonoma county ca	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:
text:	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:
text:	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like directions to mitchell college
text:no i would like information on enrolling in mitchell college	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado safety
text:no	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:what would you like to know about his family
text:no i am interested in which shows ron howard starred in	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for instructions to build a fence
text:yes instructions to build a fence	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind
text:no i jsut want nutritional information	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to do in the poconos
text:take a tour	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for ways to watch er
text:no i want to read summaries about past episodes of er	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know how to get to the american military university
text:yes by showing me the registration requirements	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club
text:no i am interested in reviews and locations of all health clubs in arkadelphia arkansas	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you talking about a spacecraft or a song
text:no i need satellite internet providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:is your volvo having a maintenance issue
text:no i want to see reviews of the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:would you like to know about inventions related to music
text:yes and other history	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit
text:i just want to know general info related to features energy consumption safety etc	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like reviews on the kenmore gas water heater
text:yes exactly	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for the convention center in florida
text:yes	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking to organize your course work
text:no id just like to see the container store homepage please	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:are you looking for activity summeries of the volcanoes that the hawaiian volcano observatories is currently watching
text:yes and the history	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what are your requirments
text:to register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:
text:	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows
text:no just the secret garden book	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait
text:no	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know facts about the creature worm
text:yes	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information on how to mitigate vldl levels
text:i need the differences between ldl hdl vldl levels	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in awards received by the band
text:no i just need to know the members names	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what flushing are you interested in toilet or facial
text:not that kind of flushing i want a street map of flushing ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know what time er tv show is on
text:no i want summaries of the episodes	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:do you want a single large lateral or multiple smaller laterals
text:i dont know	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro
text:no i am looking for a retailer to buy the bowflex power pro not how to use it	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need tips on diy organizational methods
text:no i want to go to the container stores website	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:i just want to know some common phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to listen to his music
text:no i would like to play neil youngs music not listen to it	labels:Find lyrics or sheet music for Neil Young's songs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking to move here
text:no	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:are you interested in when the civil war battles in south carolina took place
text:in addition to the time frame i would like to know the names of all battles fought in south carolina during the civil war	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you looking for a particular artist
text:no only lyrics of some mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to listen to his music
text:no i want to learn about neil youngs life	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know whether asbestos exposure cause cancer
text:no i am needing the mortality rates due to asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:what specific information about afghanistan are you looking for
text:i am looking for maps of afghanistan	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:no i just need a map currently	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what aspect of the last supper painting are you interested in
text:i would like to see an image of the painting	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you interested in easy earth day activities
text:yes	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i am looking for information on the gmat test to prepare	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on what is in a credt report
text:no how to dispute that information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:woud you like to know the many uses of gps
text:no reviews of cameras with built in gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:no i need information on repairing a toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a tourist map
text:no an online world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing
text:no i need to know what the symptoms are	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo
text:no	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking
text:yes the benefits of quitting smoking	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance
text:just the types of care policies	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to see pictures to help you identify types of spider bites
text:yes	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like to know the advantages and disadvantages of a indexed annuity
text:yes	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:no i am searching for advices and tips on dieting only	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:would would you like to know about the most popular wikibased website
text:no i want to know what a wiki is	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for places to buy keyboards
text:no i am looking for product reviews	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you think your dog is in heat
text:i dont know i need to know what that means	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for doctors that can help you quit smoking
text:no i am looking for information about hypnosis with regards to quitting smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:i dont know but i need general instructions on how to fix one that isnt working properly	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:no i am looking for medications that treat the disorder	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:no i am looking for the sports sponsor avp	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:no i do not i want the website for professional volleyball avp	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the tangible personal property tax
text:no i want to know the definition of tangible personal property tax	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the birds
text:no	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:
text:	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you searching for workers for your company
text:no i want to know about services for unemployed people in michigan	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from
text:no just cheat codes	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is this an emergency
text:no	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:are you interested in the histroy behind it
text:no i just want to know what it is	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you tring to find movies and tv shows where ron howard was an actor
text:no i want to know who are his family members	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you have a specific brand name on your mind
text:no just any kids scooters on sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for the brands of butter and margarine
text:no i am interested in general information about the difference between margarine and buttter	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:do you want to know what the current uplift is at yellowstone national park
text:yes	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested where to find one
text:no i am interested in product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games not where to find them necessarily	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors
text:yes	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:the history of flame design
text:i want to see stencils designs about flames	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:would you like information about the average charitable donation broken down by year
text:broken down by individual conribution	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you trying to find a contractor
text:no just information on how it operates	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like directions to flushing new york
text:no im interested in excessive facial flushing causes	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:
text:	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to see the retailers selling it
text:can you show me reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking for a specific price range
text:probably but i really just want to know whats for sale in general in that area	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro
text:no im looking for product reviews	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no i am looking for satellite radio providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to register to file your tax return online
text:yes i would like a site where i can do that	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds
text:no im looking for a map of the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to know what george bush sr did before being president
text:i would like his full biography please	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work
text:no looking for his work as a director	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:i dont know	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much data do you need stored
text:i need web hosting services for small businesses	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:no i want some free samples of gmat exams	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting information about west point
text:i dont know	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like to know some website address
text:yes as long as they have consumers reviews	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are there any specific media type on your mind shall i play a video of tornadoes
text:yes id like information on how they forecast tornadoes	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:
text:	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:what is your price range
text:i dont know	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need an address
text:no i would like information on the alexian brothers lay catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you wish to do an entity search
text:no	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes
text:not enough info	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you using this around the yard
text:yes i need to find the closest place to purchase the buiding materials	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is located
text:yes but also tell me about its history and general information	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like information about the alternatives to violence project
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for things to do in bellevue
text:no im looking for bellevue college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know who owns espn
text:no i want football and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140
text:im not having a problem i am interested in purchasing one	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you looking for the information about split rock restore
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you need the number of patrols cars used by the tn highway patrol
text:no	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the american association of diabetes educators homepage	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like hours for va dmv registration
text:no	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:what are the seven deadly sins	labels:do you want their names
text:yes of the seven deadly sins	labels:Find a list of the seven deadly sins.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:
text:	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices
text:yes but needing the office hours also	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what would you like to know about uplift
text:i would like to know about the ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing lowlevel geothermal activity at yellowstone national park	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know to to mend a shirt
text:i just want sewing tips for beginners	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what brand of cell phones are you interested in
text:any brand as long as its on a prepaid plan what companies offer them	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like directions to local rock and gem shows
text:no i want to know if they offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:what year do you want to begin contributing 403b
text:i am interested in the withdrawl limitations on a 403b	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dog are you looking for
text:im not looking for a specific breed i am looking for a rescue dogs that are up for adoption	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:woud you like a list of items made from iron
text:no i would like information on the element of iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to recycle used car parts
text:no i need a junk or salvage yard	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking to purchase or repair a unit
text:purchase	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:
text:	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:do you have joint pain
text:no	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to attend the indiana state fair
text:yes and i want to know what events are held there at the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:arey you conerned about someones face becoming red
text:no im talking about the neighborhood in new york city	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:would you like to see a picture of a map of the civil war battle sites in south carolina
text:no i would like a list of each battle that took place in south carolina	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:
text:	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:yes supports and braces for the pain	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for an application on this topic
text:yes	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to know the hours of operation
text:yes and the other services provided	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking for health facts of butter and mararine
text:what is the nutritional difference between butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you moving to south africa
text:no	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no i am looking for the hospital not the church	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online
text:yes	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:which country do you want to find mushrooms in
text:the one i can find morel mushrooms in	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:which age group is of more interest to you
text:i dont know	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you have any dependents on your record
text:explanation of tangible personal property taxes	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want to find a restaurant or store here
text:no i want to find out about the panthers ssports teams at porterville high school	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you wish to order online directly
text:no i want you to navigate to the discovery channel homepage	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:would you like a history of the band
text:no i just want to know the names of the members	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information on residential or business
text:im not sure	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:i am looking for the grilling magazine online	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:yes i want inexpensive cable with internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product
text:im looking for information on all kinds of pvc pipe	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:no just limit it to chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:is there a certain type of dj you are looking for
text:yes i am looking for a dj that plays hip hop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wanting directions to porterville
text:no i just want the porterville recorder newspaper homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need the address of east ridge high school
text:i dont know i am looking for the home page for east ridge high school	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know the purpose of the test
text:yes i would like to know the reason behind the sit and reach test	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:
text:	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want tips on how to be successful in an interview
text:no i dont want that	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:are you interested in a specific charity
text:no	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for rice university
text:no i am trying to determine the nutritional value of white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in comparing coverage prices
text:yes make sure these coverages also have am best awarded to them	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific dinosaur
text:not really just pictures of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin
text:no i want crockpot recipes for it	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:i want information about iron deficiencies in the body	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for locations
text:no i am only looking for the products	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i am interested in housing information of jacksonville fls mayo clinic outpatients	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a standard gravity type of design 3 feet of absorbant soil
text:yes as well as other designs and how they work	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what price range are you looking for
text:i need free dsn hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have a specific purpose for the antenna
text:no i only wish to view the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:no im looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the home page of the tennessee highway patrol	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested to fill a survey for them
text:no i want to know requirements in order to become a tennesse highway patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes i would like to find the homepage of the website for the paralegal association	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai
text:no i want information on the person	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what type of activity are you looking for
text:im not looking for an activity i need info about the uss yorktown exhibit at the patriots point museum	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about which sports espn covers
text:yes the race car race known as nascar	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to a crazy person
text:no i need you to take me to my email on yahoo	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking to get more information about titan machinery
text:no titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut
text:yes but specifically the webpage for department of labor in connecticut	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you interested in knowing what to do in the event of someone having a heart attack
text:i want to know what the signs are	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:the years that obama was president for	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you located in jacksonville fl
text:yes	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you want information on international travel or domestic travel
text:i dont know	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:no i want strategies for parents of children with ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no i am looking for the history of hangul the korean writing system	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want his biography
text:yes i need biographical information	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:what would you like to know about the dog heat season
text:yes	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot
text:yes along with descriptions of different types	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you looking for a garden in you area
text:no	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see jobs around you that are equal opportunity employers
text:no i think i am being discriminated against	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes the wilson antenna homepage	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you interested in the costs of building a fence
text:yes specifically chainlink fences	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to take a class about raised gardens
text:no i want to find photos of raised garden beds	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:how many bedrooms do you want
text:i need condos	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:no i want kabob recipes for grilling	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what is your price range
text:im not sure	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you interested in east ridge high school latest news
text:no just demographics information	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would like a review of arkadelphia health club
text:no id like a list of locations and the services that are provided by the arkadelphia health club	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need directions to culpeper national cemetery
text:yes	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know how to treat the injury
text:no i want statistics on the annual occurrence of hip injuries	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for places to buy keyboards
text:no i just want to see reviews related to computer keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:do you want to know the candidates for the 2008 results as well
text:yes show me the candidate of the 2008 results	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for dinosaur books
text:yes if they contain pictures of all the different kinds of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:are you moving to south africa
text:no	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is
text:no i dont need this information	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the wall proposed by donald trump or the wall by pink floyd
text:no i want the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you interested in a specific type of product
text:no i am interested in the website	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for lipoma removal
text:no i want pictures of tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:would you like to see some pictures of designer dog breeds
text:no i want a comprehensive list of all recognized breeds	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you want to know how old rick warren is
text:no i am concerned about his debate with john mccain	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want a phone number
text:no i want general information	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know the distance of south africa
text:i want a map of south africa	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado disasters
text:no i am interested in information on how tornados for forecast	labels:Find information about forecasting tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images
text:no i just want recipes that contain figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like find out where you can play electronic skeet shoot
text:no i wondering what games are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate
text:no i want to know what a normak resting heart rate is	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you mean the book or the movie
text:i mean the movie	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you looking for recipes with figs
text:no i want to grow them	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:are you looking for things to do while in madagascar
text:no i would like to know what madagascar is most famouss for	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what category are you searching for raffles in
text:no i want information about a person please tell me about sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a contact number for the city government
text:no	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:do you want to know which civil war battles took place in south carolina
text:yes please thank you	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you interested in the common jobs in connecticut
text:no i want the website for their department of labor	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to see a picture of moth
text:yes	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin
text:yes it needs to be wooden	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see the base pay scale for 2018
text:no	labels:Do all US federal government agencies use the General Schedule pay tables?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to repair your toilet
text:yes i would like to repair my toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like information about installing weather stripping
text:yes on car windows and doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the business she started
text:no i am looking for her involvement in her political and social issues	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:
text:	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:
text:	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the mouth
text:no i want to know the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut
text:i would like to know more about common jobs in connecticut	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i am looking for napa autoparts online	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:no	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm
text:yes where to buy thier products	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know how far the sun is away from different planets
text:yes and other information on the sun	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai
text:no i just want the homepage of the one in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a map of kansas city mo
text:no i want to see hotels near kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what project do you want to use the pvc for
text:none show me information on premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:yes	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:yes	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:no i am looking for an iron to decrease wrinkles on my clothes	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:that doesnt matter im looking for companies that manufacture toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you interested in how much you can get from this program
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you study road maps
text:i need free print friendly maps	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:would you like to know what the nile is composed of
text:no id just like a map of its basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know how to use it
text:no just reviews about it	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140
text:i dont know	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments
text:no thats not the pvc im looking for	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school located in clermont fl
text:no i am searching for east ridge high school in lick creek ky	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:
text:	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for stores to buy ps 2 games from
text:i want to know the specifications the components of the playstation 2 console	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you looking for more info on air travel in general or a specific flight
text:in general yes	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you planning to live there or are you looking for an investment property
text:investment property	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:i am interested in learning how to grill vegetables on a gas grill	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs
text:i am talking about the fruit	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see a gs salary calculator
text:no i would like to see the gs pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for lipoma removal
text:no i want to know who is most likely to get them	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult
text:no i need to find a review	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of the les miserables book
text:no i want reviews of the les miserables film	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wondering where porterville is
text:no i want to know what grade schools there are	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:i dont know	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:have you been to the poconos before
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like hours for va dmv registration
text:no i want to go to the homepage of the virginia dmv	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to malignant lipolysis
text:no	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific movie
text:yes am looking for the movie pink floyd the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:no i want information about the prime minister	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is there a specific program you are looking for
text:no i want to see the website for the county medical services program	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know information about iron fe
text:i would like to know about iron as a essential nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit
text:no i am not i want fig recipes	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to contact somebody here
text:no just a map	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want the history of porterville
text:no i want to navigate to the porterville recorder newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what is your price range
text:i want to see all ranges	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:is a rich text editor something you are familiar with
text:i do not know about that	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:not really either im looking for satellite radio services	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history books
text:yes i am	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for information about any specific decoration technique
text:yes id like to know the effect mirrored surfaces has on small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like information about installing weather stripping
text:yes i would specifically on sliding glass doors	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know about any specific acts
text:i dont know	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:
text:	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the business near you
text:no i would like alternative options for septic system designs	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:do you want to know the latest weather updates for pocono mountains
text:no i want get information on the pocono raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes
text:are there any games that are based on inuyasha	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want pictures of old coins
text:no i would like to know a good way to begin collecting old coins	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:if youre interested in recipes would you like savory or sweet receipes do you have other specific ingredients in mind
text:give me both so long as they use figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates
text:no i want to find their athletics department page	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product
text:no i want to know about the heart	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the pastor
text:no i am referring to the author	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want reviews of the les miserables concert
text:no i want reviews of the movie les miserables	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know where to buy one
text:no i would like to find recall notices for the bowflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment
text:no i just need general information about the age group that often exhibits lipomas	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in how pvc is made
text:no i am looking for information about premature ventricular contractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:would you like to see the a specific titan
text:i need to know about titan saturns moon	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:i need information on the different types of toilets that exist	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:which part of connecticut are you interested in
text:all of connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am looking for general information	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to go to a djs website
text:no how would i become a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university
text:no take me to the homepage	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you referrring how to get organized
text:yes i need catalogs of office supplies for items that will help me get organized	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in figs health benefits
text:no	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:is it for a blog or for online retail
text:just for designing websites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:would you like to file your income tax return online
text:no i want to fill out my income tax return online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want to find some resoutces
text:yes	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know who won the last world series of poker
text:no just information on strategy	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:no i just want their homepage	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:where would you like to find poker tournaments
text:on the full tilt poker webste	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to purchase a box to measure with
text:no i want to know what the test measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to know where indiana state fairgrounds is on a map
text:no just a map of the fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to know the specs of hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for reviews on the hp mini 2140 notebook computer	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want pictures of old coins
text:no i need resouces that will give me information on old coins and their value	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:no i need lowcost broadband isps	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:what specific dnr are you referring to
text:maryland	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in visiting kansas city
text:yes id like to know what tourist attractions i can visit	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for prepaid phones
text:no	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you seeing if rick warren is still alive
text:no i want information on the debate he hosted that was between mccain and obama	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:do you want to purchase an atari game
text:no	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:would you like to know more about the duties of a paralegal
text:yes i would like to know what the duties and responsibilites of a paralegal are	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know the average salary in this state
text:no i would like to know about jobs commonly held in this state	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv
text:no thats not what im looking for	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:no i want to find personal stories about living with ocd	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for any specific venues in porterville
text:i am looking for medical care in porterville ca	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to directions to kansas city
text:i would like directions specifically to the visitors center in kansas city	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know the location of the last supper painting
text:no find an image of the last supper painting	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design tracers
text:no	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i am looking for the location of the indiana state fairgrounds and how to get there from my location	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need help finding your new york hotel
text:i need to know the locations of hotels in long island new york	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking to move here
text:i am only looking for information about their primary schools right now	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want contact information for the board
text:yes i do	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 adventure games
text:im looking for reviews of any ps2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in downloading the album the wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need any specific information about pnl
text:yes i need information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking
text:i do need information on quitting smoking but not about the quitters themselves	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Find symptoms of heart attack	labels:would you like to know more about chest pain
text:no i would like to learn about symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering how to reduce your internet bill
text:no	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for bart travel schedules
text:i want to know if there is a trip planner for bart	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:which specific details would you like to learn about obamas heritage
text:where they were born at	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for a specific event or activity
text:no i would like to find names of famous african american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:
text:	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the population
text:no i want photos from the survivie 9 vanuatu tv reality series	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you want to buy flame design stickers
text:yes for my motrocycle	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know why some scientists think the yellowstone volcano is in the process of dying
text:no i need information on geothermal activity	labels:information on ground elevation changes and movement resulting from ongoing low-level geothermal activity at Yellowstone National Park	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you trying to quit smoking
text:i dont know	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want information on his death
text:no i would like a list of neil young albums for sale	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like an active or relaxed dog
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want to download drivers for the hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for product reviews	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement
text:yes	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:no i just want to see kabob recipes	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no i want a bilingual dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to see inuyasha manga
text:now i want music from the tv series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if martha stweart works for the company
text:no i want to find sites that support her with respect to the insider trading case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know the address
text:no i would like tax forms	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe
text:no i need information on the materials of a pvc	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens
text:no i need a street map of flushing ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax return through the internal revenue online
text:possibly i am looking for some different sites that will allow me to file an online tax return	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am looking for any web page that has a review of wilson antennas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you interested in how gps was orginally made
text:no i want to read reviews of digital cameras with builtin gps	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:
text:	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need information about the san antonio international airport
text:no i want information about the scholastic aptitude test	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:
text:	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:would you like to know where the observatories are located
text:yes i am looking for the history of and a summery of the work performed at the hawaiian volcano observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:no i was looking for backround on the launguage	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:are you trying to find out who is the owner of the current fm station
text:no i want the himeage of the current magazine in san antonio	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles in which one can enter and win
text:no i am interested in the man sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:
text:	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:no i dont have a specific website in mind im lookig for general information	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific recipe
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:no im looking for information about tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain
text:no i am looking for information and courses about designing websites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:do you want to know the origins of dark chocolate
text:dark chocolate can lower your blood pressure	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv
text:no im wanting to volvo homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:are you a collector
text:no	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work
text:id like to know about everything hes worked on	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:would you like to see the a specific titan
text:no i want the homepage for the tennesse titan	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:
text:	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to sell furniture
text:no i wouldl like to know how furniture arrangement can create an illusion of more space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a specific season of inuyasha
text:no i am interested in inuyasha webpages and forums	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you looking for flights to vanuatu
text:i am looking for travel and tourism information for vanuatu	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to know more about sir stamford raffles
text:no i am interested in car raffles in general	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:would you like news or social media posts on hurricane irene
text:tell me news about how it has affected manville nj	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:no im interested in information on cooking on a gas grill and gas barbecue grills	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:
text:	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:do you want to know what the usda food pyramid is
text:i would like an accurate description	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds
text:yes i want to know about events	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how would you like to lower your heart rate
text:no i want information	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat
text:no i would like to know how butter and margarine differ	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for an image for lipoma
text:no	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for fencebuilding materials
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in who is the ceo
text:no	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like a website about this topic
text:yes that would do	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i am looking for a place to by parts for american standard toilets	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine
text:no i need the nutritional difference between butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to know more about ps2 console design
text:i need used ps2 games for sale	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:no im looking for the beatthegmat blog and forums	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you interested in what services alexian brothers hospital offers
text:no just take me to their homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know about walkers method of perming hair
text:only if thats the business cj walker started	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like the history of south africa
text:no but historical maps along with current ones would be good	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want to find a restaurant or store here
text:no i want to find k12 schools	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you need a retailer near you
text:yes i am interested in purchasing a moped	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you trying to find online reviews of mgb
text:no	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on how to keep your credit report good
text:no but can you give me contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for neil young tour dates
text:no i am trying to find neil young albums available for purchase	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for rice university
text:no i want bio info on former secretary of state condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you looking for historical information about the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to buy tickets for it	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the birds
text:no im looking for pittsburgh penguins merchandise	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:did you want to know what the tenessee highway patrol cars look like
text:no i need responsibilities of the highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want a phone number
text:no id like information about filing individual taxes in california	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know who the main actor is in er tv show
text:no i want general summaries of the show	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:yes i do	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking to get more information about titan machinery
text:no i am looking for the website for the football team the tennessee titans	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado disasters
text:yes but indirectly	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want help finding a medical doctor for diabetes education
text:i dont know	labels:Take me to the NIH National Diabetes Education Program homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:woud you like to know the many uses of gps
text:no	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you trying to find videos about the music man
text:no im looking for current performances	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what age range would you like to see recommended vldl levels for
text:no can you just tell me the difference between vldl and ldl and hdl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking for a specific movie
text:no i am looking for sites devoted to veteran meomrials	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to build a scooter
text:no i would like to find kids scooters that are for sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes the bart one that has train schedules and fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in purchasing it online
text:no i would like more information about the product	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game system would you like to know about
text:the 2600 specifically	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer
text:yes the carpartcom website	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions
text:no i only want reviews of the secret garden book	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in heavy trucks part
text:i am interested in auto parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it
text:i am looking for the highest rated internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:is there a certain type of dj you are looking for
text:no	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you wish to know how music videos started
text:no i want to know about the history of classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:are you interested in the origin of the nile
text:no im interested in how to play the board game source of the nile	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the current performance of the music man
text:yes	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in music streaming
text:no i want to find out who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows
text:i am lookjing for places and times for rock and gem shows but clubs that host them would be nice too	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:is there any specific type of product on your mind
text:no just toys in general that teach kids science	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you want to know about the signs based on any specific demographics
text:no i want know how the signs between men and women differ from a heart attacks	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you know someone named rick warren
text:i am looking for information about the debate between mccain and obama hosted by rick warren	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:
text:	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know how far barbados is
text:no what are some suggested tourist activities there	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources
text:no i want to know the rules of a 403b retirment plan	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:i need to know the best way to diet and exercising	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to learn more about the show titans
text:no i want to learn about titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you searching for workers for your company
text:no	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:no	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know how to become one
text:yes i would like to know how to get a job with the texas border patrol	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you interested in more about the company
text:no i need information about unemployment services in michigan	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for specific neil young songs
text:no i want biographical information	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for product recalls
text:yes i would like information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for specific information related to parents of children with ocd
text:yes i want to know how to deal with ocd as a parent	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on jax chemical company
text:yes i need information on their products	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the animal or the hockey team
text:im interested in the animal	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for a chain or botique hotel
text:no i want to book room in times square in new york city	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for places to buy keyboards
text:no	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for a chain or botique hotel
text:im looking for luxury hotels	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force
text:no i want to find the homepage for supporters of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you referring to an indian tribe
text:yes one that lived in the alabama area	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for living room furniture
text:no im looking for tips and caveats for decorating small space	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to build a scooter
text:i dont know	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for what country arkansas is
text:no i am looking for tourist information on arkansas not what country it is in	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in who painted the last supper painting
text:no please find me an image	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you looking to buy the album the wall online
text:no i just want to learn more about the album	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:is unc the name of a game
text:no i would like to know the location of north carolina university hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want information on his death
text:no	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know a phone number to call
text:id like to know how to reserve the orange county convention center for an event	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about credit scores
text:yes specifically contact info to credit reporting agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in the history of the last supper painting
text:no just a picture	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you interested in an online site for diabetes
text:not exactly what i really want is a website that details how to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no im looking for a dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you need instructions for cooking rice
text:no i want to know what is the nutritional value of white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:is your volvo having a maintenance issue
text:i am looking for volvos homepage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from hamlet
text:yes i am interested in finding an analysis of this quote	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:did you want to erase your history
text:no just view it	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a second hand music store near you
text:yes i would like second hand music store and other music store listings	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you need tickets for the music man
text:no i want to find the script for it	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there a specific representative that you need contact information for
text:no	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking for a specific model or part
text:kenmore gas water heater	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:will the dieting be in combination with exercise or weight training
text:yes but i also need charts and tips for calorie counting while im on a diet	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro
text:no i need recall notices for the bowflex power pro	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you need directions to your local vet
text:no what does it mean for a dog to be in heat	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit
text:i dont know	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:yes	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from sports
text:yes it does	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you interested in pet health supplies
text:no jus tinformation on overheating in dogs	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in the evolution of bobcats
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you looking for a musical keyboard or a computer keyboard
text:i am looking for reviews related to computer keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about a satellite receivers or dishes
text:both	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:How to use wiki?	labels:would you like information about creating a wiki
text:what is a wiki	labels:Find information about what a wiki is.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design tracers
text:no i need pictures of flames and fire	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you need to contact yahoo
text:i want to go to the yahoo mail sign in page	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:would you like to see the a specific titan
text:yes the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like information on how gps works
text:no just show me reviews of them	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need any specific information for controlling moths
text:i am looking for information about their eating habits	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018
text:i want to know the ruels of 403b plans	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no but i want to find one with job information	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific recipe
text:no i need to know the history of condoleeze rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources
text:no i need to find out the withdrawal limitations	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer
text:no i want images from inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need technical support related to your service
text:no im looking for providers of free internet phone service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs
text:im not sure	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to know if dieting is safe
text:no im more interested in recommendations for a safe diet and exercise regimen	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:do you want a job in dutchess county
text:no i want information for tourists in dutchess county ny	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you looking for learning material for school
text:no	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing
text:no i would like information on facial flushing for the body	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you wish to order online directly
text:i dont know	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what type of information about the show do you need
text:summaries of the episodes	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see videos by the pastor
text:no i want to see rick warrens homepage	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you looking for a specific insurance company
text:no just give me the average cost charged by long term insurance companies	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to change scooter oil
text:no	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue iowa
text:no bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for the location of michworks
text:no	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there
text:i want to know what events are held	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:do you want information on how to keep your credit report good
text:no i want to know how to get a free credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific type of rice
text:no i am looking for rice recipes	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to apply for a job here
text:no i want to know who the supporters are	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need addresses
text:no just the website	labels:I'm looking for the home page of the County Medical Services Program (CMSP) of Sonoma County, California.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to apply for a federal tax return online
text:i need to find a site where i can fill it out	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:no new york ny	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:no i am looking for locations to purchase a specific toilet	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know the history of the equal opportunity employer act
text:no i just want to find the homepage for the eeocs website	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to a certain philosohper
text:i am referring to hamlet	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean the department of natural resources
text:yes in maryland for deer hunting	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see resources for retirement investing
text:no i am simply interested in the rules for a 403b retirement plan	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:can i take you to the resource page at the michworks website
text:yes please show me the resources page	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding fickle creek farm
text:yes i am looking for its location and directions on how to get there	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:yes and you want to have suggestions about tourists activities	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in
text:just general ps2 specs	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking to do this with a specific material
text:i want to know how to tie a windsor knot	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you really reffering to mothra
text:no i want to control moths in my home	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for reviews of gmat prep classes
text:no i want to read tips on how to excell at taking the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want black and white or colored designs
text:colored	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need information on employment opportunities
text:i want to know which company operates pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know the distance of south africa
text:no i want to learn about its history	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to apply for a job here
text:no but i am looking for employment within a specific area	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no i want information about crach diet plans	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos
text:no im looking for basic information about the dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:no i want strategies for parents dealing with children who have ocd	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:woud you like to know about last supper reproductions
text:no i would like to know if i can buy tickets online to see the original last supper painting	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you interested in buying a tv with a computer included
text:no i want to know how to watch tv shows on my computer	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:is your question about tourism in vanuatu
text:no i am intersted in photos from the survivor 9 vanuatu tv reality series	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles tv series
text:no am interested in sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want to file your income tax online
text:yes what site can i file online	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:
text:	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:what major are you interested in
text:i am not looking for a major i am looking for faculty members of the university of phoenix	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need repair information
text:no i want information about buying a volvo semi truck	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:no show me the grilling magazine website	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for
text:no i want to know about her political and social involvement	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate
text:yes	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:do you want to purchase an atari game
text:no i want information on classic atari games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:are you interested in knowing what started the civil rights movement
text:yes and in particular i want to know what issues were addressed in the civil rights act of 1964	labels:What issues were addressed in the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named
text:no i only need to know the actual name of the idaho state flower	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find a certain song
text:no i am looking for a concert	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to malignant lipolysis
text:no i am trying to find out what causes lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want stores selling elliptical trainer
text:i want comparisons of them	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how big do you want your dog
text:can you just show me the human societys homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a suitable elliptical machine to use at home
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:i would also like inexpensive cable tv bundled with the cheap internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall
text:no this is unreleated	labels:Find sites devoted to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, such as virtual tours and databases of names inscribed on the wall.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to register a domain name
text:most recommended free web hosting sites	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a certain store location
text:no id like the store homepage	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for wilson antenna parts
text:no im looking for information	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for diet information
text:no i want information on how to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you need information about special deals
text:no thank you i need disneyland hotel customer reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to
text:all of them i want to know how it is treated	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the cast of the music man
text:no i want the lyrics for the songs	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you need treatment information for lipoma
text:no the causes of lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you like to buy stencils online
text:no i want flame design decals for cars or motorcycles	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer
text:no im looking for the best elliptical trainer for home use	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see resources for retirement investing
text:i want to know the limits on 403b retirement	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:no i am looking for crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to find exercises to lower your heart rate
text:yes i would like to have this information	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in dnr stock
text:no	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:no i just want to know a few common korean phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking
text:no	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in any specific activities at university of carolina
text:no i need to know campus locations for the university of north carolina	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the nearest vet that can help
text:no what are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf
text:no i need schedules and fares for the bart train	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:which type of diabetes do you want to learn about
text:i do not want to know the types i would like to go to the homepage for the american association of diabetes educators website	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information about the arizona game and fish department
text:maybe but im focused on finding guides and outfitters first	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:do you want to find some resoutces
text:yes i want resources about diabetes education	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you inquiring about satellite tv
text:no im not interested in tv	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the penguins of madagascar
text:no the pittsburgh penguins hockey team	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area
text:no im looking for the raffles hotel	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more information about writing a thank you email
text:maybe but just give me general tips on ending a job interview well	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you need directions to french lick resort and casino
text:no i want a list of jobs at the casion	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm
text:no i would like to know about staying at the bed and breakfast at fickle creek farm	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the colors of unc
text:no i would like athletic reports	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you referring to playstation 2 games
text:yes	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:no i would like to find an internet provider that sells dialup	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you trying to change scooter oil
text:no i would like to know about available mobility scooter brands	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located
text:i would like a map of the indian state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in hallmark visitors center
text:yes what are some other tourist attractions in kansas city mo	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:is this the topic of a reseach paper that you may be writing
text:i dont know	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the insane person across the street
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know about the nearest town named bellevue
text:no i need the homepage for bellevue college washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect
text:no i want to know about the faculty	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted
text:no im looking for a kit to make raised garden bed	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know when espn started
text:no i want baseball scores and upcoming live broadcast baseball games	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:no im looking for information on satellite telephones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to see pictures to help you identify spider bites
text:yes i want to see pictures to help identify spider bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the calorie count or other nutrition information for the fruit
text:yes	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see specs on this equipment
text:no i would like a list of product reviews	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a deadliest catch product
text:no i want to know where a discovery channel store is	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to learn more about the show titans
text:no i would like to know more about saturns moon titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in awards received by the band
text:no im looking for a list of their songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know trending data or a timeline for the uplift at yellowstone national park
text:no just the home page for the yellowstone volcano observatory for now	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no i need the language translated	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoos twitter feed
text:i first need to log in to my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:no im only looking for tips on grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be used as a animal pen
text:i cant say what the ultimate use will be	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to cook with rice
text:no i need the homepage of rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting
text:that is not any of your business	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in the history of the last supper painting
text:no i would like to know more about the meaning	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs
text:no i am looking for dj jobs	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need information on employment opportunities
text:no i need information about the scientific user faciliities of the laboratory itself	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:no i am looking for a koreanenglish bilingual dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:no	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business
text:no i need information on how to log into my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know the average salary in this state
text:no im not looking one specific piece of information	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for reviews of hotels
text:no i am looking for a list of luxury hotels in new york	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:no	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:yes on the full tilt poker website	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:which treatments are you looking for at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:i need to make an appointment at the mayo clinic in jacksonville	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no i would like iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need information about the san antonio international airport
text:no	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:no i want to know what the symptoms of tendenitis in the forearm are	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:are you interested in remembrance songs
text:no i am interested in mothers day songs	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you referring to saturday or the verb
text:neither i am referring to the acronym for the scholastic aptitude test	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in kabob recipes
text:no i am looking for general information about cooking on a gas grill	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design
text:no i am more interested in the feedbacks from customer users only	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know where the quote came from
text:no i want a critical analysis	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies
text:no im looking for web design courses	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition
text:no i want to see pictures	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a hotel near porterville
text:no i want the website for the porterville recorder newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine
text:yes	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:do you want to purchase an atari game
text:yes to learn more	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know when the idaho state flower was named
text:no i want a picture of the idaho sate flower	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you referring to the machine or person
text:i am referring to the machine	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer
text:no i need to find online and gameconsole inuyasha games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker is famous for
text:if her business is what made her famous then yes	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy a book about raised gardens
text:no find photos of raised garden beds	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know the first song ever recorded
text:no i want information about rock music history	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for a website to watch er tv show online
text:no i want to know which songs were featured on the show	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like to know how gps works
text:no i want reviews of gps systems used on cars	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school in woodbury mn
text:no i want information about sports at the east ridge high in clermont fl	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what area are you asking about
text:i am asking the definition of tangible personal property for tax puposes	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you watch lawbased television
text:that is not what im asking	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:yes i want a list of local parts stores	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for ct jobs in your area
text:yes i m searching for ct jobs	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin
text:no i need cooking info	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no i want to know how to count calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you interested in learning about arkansas
text:yes i am interested in learning about arkansas tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat
text:yes and other general activities and informstion	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in the price range for trombones
text:no	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design outline
text:yes	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the university of phoenix
text:no i want to know who the comeptitors are	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what kind of pictures are you looking for
text:i am looking for pictures with flame designs on them	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know more about the gmat test
text:no i want the veritasprep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you interested in a pork recipe
text:yes recipes for marinades and dry rubs	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you experiencing a flare up
text:i dont know	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you needing store information
text:yes	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:
text:	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you trying to build a specific kind of fence
text:i am building a wooden fence	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on best climate for specific plants
text:no i want to know what kind of wood i should use to build a raised garden bed	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the specific company
text:yes the company pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to know the major events of george bush srs presidency
text:no id like help in finding biographies of him	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for information on how to quit smoking
text:yes how to quit smoking using hypnosis	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the nutritional content of rice
text:no	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:no thats related but not directly what im looking for	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know the way to culpeper national cemetary
text:yes that is what i want	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know the size of the planet
text:no i am looking for what we know about the planet as well as some open questions about it	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors
text:no i want to know the treatments	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:no i need to know which foods are rich in iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in dinosaur toys
text:no i am looking for free pictures of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no i am interested of the korean language background	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want a map of south africa
text:yes	labels:Find maps of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you going to purchase anything there
text:i dont know yet i just want general info about fickle creek farm	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:shall i take you to any specific pages of yahoo web site
text:i would like to log into my email	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you rather read some reviews about avp antivirus
text:no i want pro beach volleyball information and events sponsored by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Take me to the current.	labels:are you trying to find out if you could listen to the current music on youtube for free
text:no i want information about a magazine named the current	labels:I want to find the homepage of The Current magazine in San Antonio.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:
text:	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know more about hunting rules
text:no just give me information about do not resuscitate orders and how to get them in place	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut
text:yes	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you trying to know the warranty period of hp mini 2140
text:no i want to know about the overall product from users who reviewed it	labels:product reviews for the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:are you willing to adopt a shelter dog
text:no i just need the home page	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i am looking for toilet manufactures	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about
text:i want to find volvos hompage	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms
text:no i am looking for support groups for people that suffer from fybromyalgia	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you need a retailer near you
text:no	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want the population of south africa
text:no i am looking for pages that talk about the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking for locations that have the scooters
text:no i am interested in finding the homepage for hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:
text:	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:would you like to know the rules of the wall game show
text:no i am asking about the vietnam veterans memorial	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know what pvc is made of
text:yes and the types of fittings available	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in recent news headlines from kansas city mo
text:no just the football team homepage	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:no i want instructions for grilling chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:no i want to know more about tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for who invented the first instruments
text:show information on the history of rock and roll music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you in the beginning or more advanced stages of getting organized
text:what i want is the container store homepage	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game
text:no i want a list of their songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about credit scores
text:yes i would like to know how the scores are determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for a summary of the music man plot
text:no i am looking for recordings of songs from the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what brand of keyboards are you looking for
text:i am interested in all review of digital pianos and electronic keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden
text:no i am trying to determine the best wood to use for a raised garden	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:which type of antenna are you interested in
text:wilson antenna	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:i am interested in general information about fish grilling	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker
text:yes make sure to find her political issues	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no im interested in bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:would you like to see a gs salary calculator
text:no im	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the birds
text:i am looking for specific information regarding penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you want to buy flame design stickers
text:no	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city
text:no	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to know more about ps2 console design
text:yes id like to know the specifications please	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want the location of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see the signs of a heart attack in women or in men
text:i want to know about both	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you referring to the move
text:no i am interested in general penguin information	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about
text:im not sure	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:no i am looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in atlantic city	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a fever
text:no	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in american bobcats
text:no just the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located
text:no i am looking for special offers and discounts	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking to buy a volvo
text:yes and i need a list of locations where they are sold	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know of any bobcats for sale
text:yes i would	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know where south africa is on the map
text:no i would like to know the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:is there any specific historical movement on your mind
text:i am interested in the civil rights movement	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you need information about special deals
text:yes	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a political debate
text:no	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally
text:no i want to know about the varieties of figs that exist	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to see some pictures of south africa
text:no i would like to find the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know what kind of music was the first
text:no i want to know what was the earliest music that would eventually evolve into becoming rock nd roll	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a certain inuyasha character
text:no	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows
text:yes	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth biology
text:no i am looking for pictures of moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see recipes with butter and margarine
text:no just tell me the difference between butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you interested in playing ps 2 games on other consoles such as playstation 3 and playstation 4
text:i want to know where to buy ps2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how internet phone service works
text:no i am looking for a list of voip service providers	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you looking for any specific information on bowflex power pro
text:yes i want to find reviews	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles hotels and resorts
text:no i need a biography of sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:which dinosaurs are you interested in
text:all types	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need help navigating the website
text:no	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:
text:	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:no i want information abotu k12 schools	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:which age group is of more interest to you
text:elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for information on weather
text:no just some pictures and videos	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no looking for grilling magazine website	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to take a sat prep class
text:no im not looking for sat prep classes right now	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want the name of one person
text:i would the names of some of the most important people related to the development of music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to figure out iron alloys used to make stainless steel
text:no id like to buy dietary supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:no i want information about avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you need directions to see the last supper painting
text:no i am looking for a picture of the last supper painting not directions to its location	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:no i am looking for tips and charts for counting calories	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:
text:	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in asnestos exposure
text:no	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to find specific toilet parts
text:no i am looking for companies that manufacture bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:what type of rice dish are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:did you want to know the medication names of common schizophrenia drugs
text:yes i would like to know the drugs that are commonly used to treat schizophrenia	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you asking what year the company originated
text:no i am just looking for a dealer	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know the nutritional content of rice
text:no i am looking for rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:what year of volvo do you need information about
text:year is not given	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you trying to find videos about the music man
text:no i want the lyrics	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a mythbusters product
text:no i just want the discovery channels homepage	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the penguins of madagascar
text:no i am interested in the penguins that were in the animated movie madagascar and i would like to see pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know about iron deficiencies
text:no	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in the medical term dnr
text:yes i want to know what dnr orders are and how to get one in place	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for job openings at alexian brothers hospital
text:no i would like to find the alexian brothers health system homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in gardening
text:not at all i want reviews of the book the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you wanting to know what it is
text:yes	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event
text:yes for a school or charity	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows
text:yes but only the ones that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you have map apps on your phone
text:thats irrelevant i need maps that i can print for free	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:
text:	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden
text:i want to find plans for it	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on jax chemical company
text:yes specifically for contacting them	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:do you want to know how to get prescribed the most common schizophrenic drug
text:no i just want to know what all drugs are commonly used to treat it	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa
text:yes exactly so how do i do it	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you want to know the federal pay cap for 2018
text:no tell me if the federal wage system affects the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know of any bobcats for sale
text:no i want the official bobcat company page	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma
text:i am trying to find out the causes of lipoma	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in moth life cycle
text:no i want to know how to identify different moths	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores
text:no i want the homepage for the titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see some different exercises which can be done with this equipment
text:no i need general information on the bowflex power pro	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:
text:	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to see a list of states which receive tangible personal property tax
text:yes i do	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:for what route are you seeking information
text:i am looking for general informationa bout the bart train schedules and fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:if its helpful in answering my question then yes i would	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you
text:yes new or used	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles college of design
text:no i want a car raffle	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you asking about cannabis
text:no am searching for joints related to woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:do you want to know how much the average charitable donation is
text:yes	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol
text:no id like to know if a high heart rate is connected to high blood pressure or cholesterol	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for
text:no that kind of raffle i want to know sir stamford raffles biograhpy	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is theh tax rate for the country youre in
text:i do not know i need to know when the tangible personal property tax is due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for septic system design software
text:no im looking for alternative designs	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:no i need information about the city of bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat
text:no i need information on throat cancer specifically	labels:Find information on throat cancer.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:would you like to know about the benefits of quitting smoking
text:no i want the ways to quit	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a specific type of coin that interests you
text:no just old us silver dollars in general	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you experiencing a heart attack
text:i just want to know the symptom difference between men and woman	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for any specific support group in relation to fybromyalgia
text:no i want to see a list of support groups available for fybromyalgia sufferers	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:
text:	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination
text:no i just want to know what the phrase means	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like information on arizona wildlife
text:yes specificaaly about hunting it	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:which type of moth are you looking for
text:i am looking for all different types	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:do you want to know why your face is flushing
text:no	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for
text:no i want to know the evidence that supports her side in the case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games
text:no show me website that shows reviews of playstation 2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today
text:no i want to know who can be buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:
text:	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:
text:	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you needing to know what its used for
text:no i need to know about the different types of electronic skeet shooting games available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know more about the technology behind satellites
text:no just about available service providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking to get more information about titan machinery
text:no saturns moon titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want a list of firms that are currently hiring paralegals
text:no i need the know the certificate programs that are abaapproved	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes im interested in the athletics department home page for mitchell college	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in the location of vanuatu
text:yes i would like to see it on a map	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:do you want to know when the next semester starts at mitchell college
text:no i only want the homepage of the college	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to watch an inuyasha movie
text:no i want inuyasha series online games or for game systems	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:what type of car do you want parts for
text:no specific car just an online site that sells used car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in the age breakdown of common hip fracture sufferers
text:yes and additional information on hip fractures in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like directions to local rock and gem shows
text:yes when is the next rock concert in pittsburgh pennsylvania	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments
text:yes and general info on it too	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:what type of information about the show do you need
text:i would like titles of music that has been featured on the show	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know if spaying would stop the heat of a female dog
text:no	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know how to get to south africa
text:no i want to know about south africas history	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:no	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:i am interested on information about manmade satellites	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to know the value of old coins
text:yes specifically the wheat us penny	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you seeking support of a child in indiana
text:no i need help to calculate my child support obligation in indiana	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the search engine
text:no i want to log into yahoo	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to rent a scooter
text:no i want to purchase one	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:no i am looking for good remedies for elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in the cost for best long term care insurance or short term
text:the cost of long term care insurance please	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the responsibilities of a paralegal
text:no i want information about aba approve certificate programs	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want a spell check for avp
text:no	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:
text:	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to learn about unc the school
text:yes and their campuses	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the events going on here
text:no i need to create an event there	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like to see the hours of the sherwood regional library
text:no i just need driving directions to the sherwood regional library	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know some basic tips for sewing
text:yes	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro
text:i want to know the features and benefits	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a test to check for ocd
text:no	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see alternative retirement accounts
text:no just tell me about the 403b plan	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for the age of rick warren
text:no i would like to know where and the date he was born	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you be interested in learning more about martha stewart and imclones history
text:yes exactly	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find related artists
text:no just list me some neil young tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling a trombone you own
text:yes	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines
text:yes	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for who invented the first instruments
text:no i am interested in who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall
text:yes i am interested in the vietnam veterans and would like to learn more about the history on the memorial wall	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need direction to your new york hotel
text:yes i do	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know about lipomas based on any specific demographics
text:no i want to look at photos of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in
text:i would like the one recommended for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:
text:	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies
text:i need a list of the 3 major agencies contact information	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b
text:yes	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in the original classic book by frances hodges burnett
text:yes i would like to read some reviews of the book written by frances hodges burnett	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for how to use mgb
text:i am looking for mgb sites not necessarily how to use	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:is there a certain melody you are interested in
text:no i am interested in lyrics of songs written for mothers day	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know about different types of toilets
text:no i want to know which companies manufacturer toilets for residental	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking to organize your course work
text:yes as well as time management tips	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows
text:clubs that host them	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:
text:	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:which age group is of more interest to you
text:actually i am just looking for the average number hip fractures that occur every year in the united states	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you wanting to know what it is
text:no i need to know the different electronic skeet shoot games that are available	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:do you want to know if a home remedy will work for everyone
text:not really i just want to know a home remedy	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for reviews of gps apps
text:no reviews of gps units for the car	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to watch funny penguin videos
text:no i want to see images of penguins	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado
text:no i want to know tornado history	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:yes and how to reserve the convention center for an event	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what do you want to use the antenna for
text:i want to use it for cb radio	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see arizona hunting trip information
text:no i need to see the arizona game and fish department website	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat sore throats
text:no i want to learn why a thoat is sore on only one side	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to buy supplements
text:maybe later but for now give me information on why iron is an essential nutrient	labels:Find information about iron as an essential nutrient.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to
text:i want to know the symptoms of the stages of lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:
text:	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need the address of jax chemical company
text:yes in addition to the rest of their contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you want to know the address
text:yes addresses of hotels near the convention center	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:which type of antenna are you interested in
text:i am interested in a wilson antenna to be used on a truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like to know different types of it
text:no i would like to find retailers and pricing information for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need information on employment opportunities
text:no i want to know the types of research projects done at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to report an incident
text:no i would like to apply for a job	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:do you want to compare different models
text:yes id like to compare different models of kenmore gas water heaters using reviews	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show
text:no i want to find episodes of er i can download or watch online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:
text:	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like prices of elliptical trainer
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know if there are current civil rights movements
text:no the history relating to the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for a car raffles in your area
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:how experienced are you at sewing
text:no i would like beginner sewing websites	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you referring to saturday or the verb
text:no i am referring to the sat scholastic aptitude test	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:is your search referring to a condition of the neck
text:no i want to know what animals get it	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you interested in a specific tribe
text:i am interested in the tribes that lived in the area of alabama	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you looking for the nearest sat testing location
text:no	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:what was the lead acid battery you want to recycle used for
text:no information given	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows
text:i need information on locations and dates of rock and gem shows	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know what the equal opportunity employer act is
text:i need to find their homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:what age group are you reffering to
text:i am unsure	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:no i just want reviews of avp antivirus software and comparisons to other products	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to marinate your pork tenderloin
text:no	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia
text:i want to know what medicines are used	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas
text:no i would like more tourist information	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know barack obamas geneology
text:i would like biographical information on his mother	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for specific products related to getting organized
text:no i am looking for a catalog of office supplies for organization and decluttering	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you looking for a specific doctor at mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i just need the general contact information for the mayo clinic in jacksonville fl	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:have you got any specific question regarding furniture size
text:no i am interested in the effect of mirrored furniture surfaces in small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:yes	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to explore more on scooters
text:yes im looking for scooters that are for sale	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need sat study materials
text:no i would like to know how to register to take the sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking for methods on how to repair leaks in pvc pipe
text:no im looking for information on pvc centractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what breed of bobcat are you looking for more information about
text:none i need information about the bobcat tractor not the animal	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to take some courses on web design
text:no i just need to know where i can register a domain	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about unc sports
text:no i want to know the location of the uncs hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts
text:no i want to find a salvage or junk yard near me	labels:I want to find a salvage or junk yard.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services
text:no i am looking to make an appointment at the mayo clinic in jacksonville florida	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for locations
text:no i am looking for the front page of the discovery channel website	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what are you using the design for
text:for my motorcycle	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:how would you like to cook your pork tenderloin
text:yes i want to know how to grill it on a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a puppy
text:all designer dog breeds	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular period of time
text:no i want websites for napa parts	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to learn basics for sewing
text:yes i want to find helping sewing tips for beginners	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:are you interested in who painted the last supper painting
text:yes and its significance on catholicism	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would like a review of arkadelphia health club
text:no	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:no the state should be washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need the address or location for the company
text:no i need to know what projects are done at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles
text:no im looking for semi trucks that are for sale	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need to know the next arkansas game time
text:no	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:no im looking for grilled vegetable recipies	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you trying to build a specific kind of fence
text:i would like to know where i can buy materials to build a fence	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need contact information
text:no i need to know which retailers sell their jax chemical companies green patrina solution	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:what type of instructions are you looking for
text:i want instructions for tying a windsor knot	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking to buy or lease
text:listing of beachfront condos for sale in florida	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:are you looking for reviews of a specific chicken soup recipe from scratch
text:no just general recipes	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo
text:no i am looking for information about the hallmark visitors center	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in building a home
text:no i would like information about the movie pink floyd the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know if an indexed annuity a good investment
text:yes	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in heavy trucks part
text:yes i am looking for used parts for heavy trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no i want to know more about iron deficiencies	labels:Find information about iron deficiencies.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what probe visited uranus
text:i am looking for general information about uranus	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to visit culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know where culpepper national cemetery is located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for lyrics from the songs from the music man
text:i dont know	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking to take a class about diabetes
text:no i am looking for free videos pamphlets and books	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need sat study materials
text:yes i want info on test prep materials and courses for sat studying	labels:Find information on test preparation materials and courses for the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no i want to know about reasonable methods for weight loss	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you need information about bellevue nebraska
text:no i am looking for information about bellecue hospital center in new york ny	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:are you planning to run or exercise
text:no	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:would you like to know what a conficker is
text:i would if its a computer worm	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you trying to look for kucoin shares cryptocurrency
text:no	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:
text:	labels:What condos are for sale in Miami Beach, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you referring to lymphoma in the eyes
text:i am not sure what kind of lymphoma	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know where rice originated
text:no i need to know the nutritional value of white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in
text:i am interested in knowing what kinds of electronic skeet shooting games there are	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal
text:no i am looking for training requirements	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you mean the department of natural resources
text:no im talking about do not resuscitate orders	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm
text:no real worms	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:Find symptoms of heart attack	labels:would you like to know symptoms that are concerning enough that you swould go to the emergency department
text:symptoms that are in both men and women	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be a tall fence or short fence
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy materials for building a fence?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:
text:	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:what major are you interested in
text:i am looking for general reviews of their programs	labels:Find reviews of the programs at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you need to apply for a federal tax return online
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for any specific heatrelated illness in dogs
text:yes symptoms related to heat strokes	labels:What are symptoms of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140
text:i am looking for the price and retailers of the hp mini 2140 notebook computer	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:which type of diabetes do you want to learn about
text:i want to learn about type 2 diabetes	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for a summary of the music man plot
text:yes	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who the people were who started the civil rights movement
text:i am interested in one specific figure from the civil rights movement	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for septic system design software
text:no i need a septic system contractor	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want the lyrics to the whole song
text:yes please thank you	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for nearby medical practices that treat the condition
text:no i want to know what animals get it	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no i want to see their website	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series
text:no i want to know about saturns moon titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want the history of the civil right movement
text:yes specifically the history of the little rock 9	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy some stuff related pittsburgh penguins
text:yes i would like to see their options and designs	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the arizona state fish and game comissions contact information
text:i was hoping to view guides and and outfitters for a hunting trip in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you searching for a local educational program
text:not the local one national	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:yes i want to know what the symptoms of ocd are	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the leaders of afghanistan
text:yes i would like to know about afghanistans history government religion and culture including the leaders	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company marthat stewart was given insider trading information
text:no i want to know martha stewarts involvement with imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:no i need information about internet providers	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:yes but which providers bundle cable with internet service	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need stock price values for the company
text:no i want to visit the homepage	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles
text:no i need to buy parts online	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know who painted the last supper painting
text:no	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to see a listing for hotels in kansas city
text:no i would like to see a listing of hotels that are near the kansas city airport	labels:What hotels are near the Kansas City airport?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to a specific vehicle
text:not a vehicle im seeking information on the planet saturns moon titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer
text:yes used or new	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:possibly	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design
text:yes please tell me which companies offer free or cheap website hosting	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a certain store location
text:no i want the online store information on the discovery channels store products from animal planet	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know about a management position
text:no i would like information about avon products company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i need used parts	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:yes i am looking for infomation on cooking on gas grills	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about the inuyasha illustrator and writer
text:no i just want to listen to muisc from the series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know its location
text:i would like the location of the home page of the american military university	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:no i want a schedule of poker tournaments that are currently happening in las vegas	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut
text:no im looking for the homepage of mitchell colleges website	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns temperature
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you just want to rated keyboards
text:yes show me reviews and ratings	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:what would you like to know about the civil right movement
text:i would like to know about martin luther king jr	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to know where you can get cpr certified
text:no i need dnr orders	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows
text:yes	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to harvest rice
text:this isnt relevant to my search	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you interested in more about the company
text:no i want job information about michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:yes so i would ike to access his homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you watch lawbased television
text:that is irrelevent to the information i want i need the homepage of the paralegal association please	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:no	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl
text:yes what openings are available and what educational background and experience are needed	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for a map of continental plates
text:yes a map of continental plates would be helpful	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want the definition of fibromyalgia
text:no how is fybroyalgia treated	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:how old is ralph owen brewseter
text:no i want to know if howard hughes and ralph owen brewster knew or worked together	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:i am looking for cheap dsl providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted
text:no i need pictures of raised garden beds	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:no i am interested in the names of some companies that offer gmat prep classes	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know what figs taste like
text:no i want to know about growing them	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in the movie raffles
text:no i want information about sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:
text:	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for furniture for a specific room
text:no im interested in how the arrangement of furniture creates the illusion of more space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images
text:no i would like to know how to grow figs	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you have map apps on your phone
text:i am interested in live satellite photos and satellite map sources	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:i dont know	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what the most popular designer dog breeds there are
text:i dont know i am looking for designer dog breeds but am not sure if im looking for the most popular ones	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:is your dog acting strangely like they are in heat
text:i dont know	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on best climate for specific plants
text:no i am looking for a raised garden kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:what happens when common schizophrenia drugs are disconinued
text:no just the common drugs used at different stages	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weater strips on windows
text:yes i need information on installing weather strips on large sliding glass windows or doors	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a coin dealer near you
text:im not sure	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in the location of vanuatu
text:no i just want photos from the survivor 9 series set there	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like me to find the nearest kenmore store for you
text:no that wouldnt help me	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden
text:none	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:would you like to know where the test is used in
text:im interested in what the test measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no i would like general information about avon company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i want to look at penguin pictures	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas football
text:no i want info on little rock ak	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games
text:no i want reviews of ps2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:
text:	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for legal forms
text:possibly i need general information on the california franchise tax board	labels:Find information about the California Franchise Tax Board.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:yes	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:no just products	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you want information on international travel or domestic travel
text:i want general air travel tips that apply to all air travel	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts
text:yes	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker
text:yes specifically information about the business that cj walker started	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:do you want information on how many people successfully quit smoking
text:no i want to know what different ways you can quit smoking	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about carryon luggage rules
text:no i would like find a website that offers general travel tips	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in grilling a specefic food
text:yes how about steak	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to see some pictures of south africa
text:yes	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:were you looking for prices of dark chocolate
text:i am looking for information about the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:do you need the history of the mgb
text:no i need to read about mini gastric bypass surgery	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a dinosaur costume or game
text:i am looking for dinosaur pictures for coloring	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there a specific representative that you need contact information for
text:no i am looking for information about career opportunities	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where you can buy figs
text:no i want nutritional information on figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to book a stay here
text:no i just want to know what hotels are near disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:what is ralph owen brewsters background
text:no what offices did he hold	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you interested to teach sewing to children
text:yes i would like to have materials for teaching sewing to children	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:would you like to know about specific artists related to mothers day
text:no i want to know about mothers day related lyrics	labels:lyrics of songs written for Mothers' Day	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors
text:no i am curious about what age group has limpomas the most often	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i want any that has information on scientific user facilities of the laboratory	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map of your local area
text:i need a world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you asking what year the company originated
text:i want to see what is for sale near me	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in learning how to write a thank you letter after an interview
text:yes i would like to know how to write a thank you note after a job interview	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall
text:no i want the album	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about the unc campuses
text:no i want to see reports concerning the university of north carolina chapel hill athletics	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the college
text:no im looking for the hospital	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a place to sell a used trombone
text:no i am looking to buy a trombone	labels:information on where I could buy a new or used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you interested in the music man
text:yes i would like to find the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity
text:no i am interested about the different games in the inuyasha series that are available	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know about special events on espn
text:no i would like to know about fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how rice is grown
text:no i want the nutritional value	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you interested in more about the company
text:i need job listings that are located in michigan	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who started the movement
text:no i want to know more about the little rock nine	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the animal or the hockey team
text:nopictures of the peguins from the animated moviemadagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want wording of child support laws
text:no i am looking for law firms that offer indiana child support services	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know more about growing figs
text:no i want recipes that use figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:what specific brand of dark chocolate are you interested in
text:none i want to know how it benefits my health to eat dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:is there any specific information about the river that would interest you
text:the feud between speke and burton	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i need a map	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers
text:i want to know the benefits of the elliptical rider compared to other fitness machines	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:
text:	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:
text:	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to be on the beach
text:yes i am searching for a beachfront condo in florida	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:is there any specific music genre you are interested in
text:yes classical musics history is what i which to learn about	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:
text:	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is your request related to raised garden beds
text:yes find pictures of it	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know the average salary in this state
text:no	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i need information about iowas food stamp program	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:do you need to purchase a bart ticket
text:right now i just want their schedule and fare prices	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for current news about afghanistan
text:no i want historical information on government culture and religion	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:are you interested in the whereabouts of the university of carolina
text:no where is the university of north carolina hospital located	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an advanced treatment above ground design
text:i would like to find out about septic system contractors that are available	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for bart travel schedules
text:no am looking for bart system travel routes	labels:Find maps of the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know about specific key people
text:yes but i also would like a detailed histroy of just when the civil rights movement originated and how it continued to evolve	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:is your search referring to a condition of the neck
text:no	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:
text:	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone
text:i would like to know the details surrounding the insider trading case against martha stewart	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:would you like to know how many there are
text:no	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for engineers in such field
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:would you like to know how it functions
text:no am looking for a contractor only	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you interested in different brands of elliptical trainer
text:yes and also reviews of each brand	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need an event schedule for the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i nee a map for the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:yes	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know who owns the company imclone
text:no i want sires that support martha stewart and imclone	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:do you want a fast recipe or one that takes some time to make
text:both	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for transit routes to oakland from bart sf
text:no looking for site that automatically plans trips on bart system	labels:Find a site that automatically plans trips on the BART system.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase
text:no the raffles hotel	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering where tornadoes are more likely
text:no i want to find photos and videos of actual tornados	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in how much a patrol officer makes per year
text:yes but i would like to be connected to the tn highway patrol homepage	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like a book about sewing
text:no just tell me some tips	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you trying to compare android to ios
text:no i want to learn about buying an unlocked phone	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:are you looking for a mythbusters product
text:yes that would be wonderful	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to know more about pocono raceway
text:nope just show me a map of lodgings in that area	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:no i need history information	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it
text:no i just want information	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series
text:no i am referring to the nfl team the tennessee titans	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in knowing where bobcats are located geographically
text:no i need to find attachement parts for bobcast tractors	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested where to find one
text:yes i need information on where to find one	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design
text:no im looking for a car shop that sells flame decals for cars	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know more about ron howards directing career
text:no im looking for information about his acting career	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:
text:	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no i am looking for kabob recipes for the grill	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:yes i am looking for general information about iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know who started the movement
text:no i am only interested in martin luther king jrs contribution	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment
text:no	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to report an incident
text:no i would like the mission of the us border patrol in texas	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa
text:yes	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a history of the nile
text:no i am looking something other than a history and its for more than just the river itself	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need requirements for food stamps in iowa
text:no im looking for statistics	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know technical information about tv on computer
text:no im looking for specific channels and shows that i am able to watch	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know about south african food
text:no i want to look at photos of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need the address of jax chemical company
text:no i need to know retailers that sell their products	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i want information on satellites around the earth	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:would like to know about any specific sports team
text:no i want to know about the schools	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:do you want names of companies that file income taxes online
text:yes	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you interested in learning the history of the beatles
text:no i only want to know what albums the beatles released	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:do you want to know if memory loss is a sign of mad cow disease
text:im looking for all symptoms of mad cow disease	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you have a specific brand name on your mind
text:yes i want to go to the official homepage of hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in downloading the album the wall
text:no i need information on the movie	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to see a list of atari games
text:i want information about the arcade games that atari offers	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to watch funny penguin videos
text:no	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the greek god or the pc
text:no i need to know the website for titan watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil
text:no thank you	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:no what is the difference between gre and gmat	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 games prices
text:no i need the specifications for the ps 2 gaming console	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what category are you searching for raffles in
text:i need the homepage for the raffles hotel	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew a dress
text:i dont know	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want information about fees for indexed annuities
text:no i want to learn about indexed annuities	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is information needed on best ways to care for the garden once planted
text:no i want plans to build one	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:
text:	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information on the life cycle of worms
text:i am looking for information on the conficker worms	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:can i give the percentages for a specific party
text:no can you find the electoral results for the 2008 presidential race	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance
text:no i am interested in ratings with the best long term polices	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you interested in the history of the pcoconos
text:no i am looking for lodging in the poconos	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:were you looking for prices of dark chocolate
text:the benefits of it	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see examples of walkers impact on current hair styling
text:if that was her business then yes	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you trying to find out what worms eat
text:i want general information on conficker worms	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in musical notes and their origins
text:yes	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you experiencing a flare up
text:not right now but i would like to find a support group	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know other related tests
text:no i just want to know about the site and reach test	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific sport
text:yes baseball	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:
text:	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:do you want results from both parties
text:yes both	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in history of presidents
text:no i want to see the presidents website	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon
text:maybe	labels:Looking for locations and dates of rock and gem shows.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:no i am interested in the prime minister of barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you
text:i want to know different types of long term care insurance polices in the market	labels:What are the different types of long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like directions to the va dmv registration
text:no i would just like to go to the home page for the department of motor vehicles for virginia	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no im looking for bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want the history of fickle creek farm
text:i want to buy something from them	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:
text:	labels:How do I register as a tax preparer?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design tracers
text:no stencils	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to see reviews for website hosting and design companies
text:no im looking for sites that offer free dns hosting	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want information on the current us president
text:no i want historical information about the office itself	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame design outline
text:no just pictures of flames and fire	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:do you want to know famous black people
text:yes a time line of famous african americans in united states history	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa
text:no i want statistics on them	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:what area of your home would you like to organize
text:no i want the site for the container store	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:what does unc mean
text:well there are several answers but university of north carolina is what comes to mind	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you looking for flame designs for a tattoo
text:no	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:no not reall the flag	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where to purchase a pork tenderloin
text:no	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:i want a list of all past presidents of the us	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you need information about medical services
text:yes i need more information about medical care available in porterville california	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no i need troubleshooting information	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know about special events on espn
text:i want to see upcoming baseball games and scores	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you planning any events there
text:yes i would like information about booking events there	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see an instruction manual
text:dont know	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:
text:	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wanting directions to porterville
text:no	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What is average charitable donation?	labels:would you be interested in local regional national or international news regarding the average charitable donation
text:i would like to know the average nationally by individuals in the usa	labels:What is the average annual charitable donation by individuals in the USA?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:would you like to be hired by french lick casino and resort
text:yes what are the available jobs there	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map with driving directions
text:yes i want google maps home page	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:
text:	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:
text:	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no i want to know how to grill chicken	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what probe visited uranus
text:no i interested in any information about uranus and any questionsthat scientists still have	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to knwo vest vines for shade
text:no i want to know about vines that will grow in the shade	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you want to know credit report scores
text:no i just need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in the history of barbados
text:yes	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in aj raffles
text:no	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for the university the bellevue
text:no i would like to be taken to the webpage of bellvue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to harvest rice
text:no i want the home page for rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:do you want more information about the benefits of an elliptical trainer
text:yes i would like to know more	labels:What are the benefits of an elliptical trainer compared to other fitness machines?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm
text:no i want ot find out where can i purchase fickle creek farm products	labels:Where can I buy products that come from Fickle Creek Farm?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no i just need information	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a medication to adress the symptoms
text:no i need to know the symptoms	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you experiencing a heart attack
text:i dont know what are the symptoms of a heart attack	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:
text:	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for information on mitchell college in connecticut
text:yes this is the college am interested in	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have pain on both sides of your throat
text:no	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need product information
text:no i need their web site address	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in paid services
text:i dont know	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you trying to find an airline
text:no i am interested in the rules and regulations for a checked in bag for air travel	labels:What restrictions are there for checked baggage during air travel?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in musical notes and their origins
text:no i am looking for the history	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know about special events on espn
text:no i would like to see the current standings in the nba	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for a list of clubs that host rock and gem shows
text:yes but only show me the ones that offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas football
text:no i am looking for a map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:would you like help searching for work in michigan
text:no i want information about the services available to the unemployed in michigan	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you need addresses
text:no just information	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to learn about the poconos
text:yes specifically the split rock resort	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about
text:no	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:what makes people think the yellowstone volcano will erupt soon
text:i dont know but can you tell me how likely an eruption is to happen and the consequences if it does	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:what major are you interested in
text:i just want general information about the programs offered at the university of phoenix	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need the address of the indiana state fairgrounds
text:i would like directions to get to the indiana state fairgrounds	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you looking for a dealer in a specific location
text:i dont know	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what specific type of electronic skeet shoot are you interested in
text:just show me reviews for the electronic skeet shooting games that you find	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific tractor model
text:no just the website	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:which type of antenna are you interested in
text:i am interested in wilsonbrand antennas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:no i want to know what the flag looksl like	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you interested in law school
text:i dont know	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:the secret garden has been made into many films and series which version of the secret garden are you intrested in
text:i am interested in the book	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are there any specific details that you are trying to find out
text:yes i want to know what open questions we have about uranus versus what we know for facts	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is the tax rate for the state you are in
text:i dont know	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show
text:no i need to find er episodes i can download or watch online	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm
text:yes i am looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be used as a animal pen
text:no i just want to know how to build it	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa
text:i want to find the website for iowas food assistance program	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to move to arkansas
text:i dont know yet	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to take a survey on your cholesterol
text:no id like to know how vldl levels are calculated	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:do you have a specific state in mind to search for mushrooms
text:i would like to know which places are optimal for finding morel mushrooms growing	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites devoted to the "Alien vs. Predator" movie franchise.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking to buy an antenna or read more about the antenna
text:i cant answer this for sure	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need admission information for the university of phoenix
text:no i need homepages of university of phoenix faculty members	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:no i am looking for the homepage of bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters
text:no i am interested in music for the inuyasha television series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want to know what kind of music was the first
text:no i want to learn about the history of classical music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:which area of manville nj floods are you most interested in
text:the flooding from hurricane irene	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:do you want to learn how to install weather strips on doors
text:yes installing on my garage door	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:have you used jackson hewitt before
text:no i need some information about filing my federal income tax online	labels:Find information about electronically filing (e-filing) my Federal income tax return.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black history
text:no i am looking for maya angelous poetry	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what price range of cell phones are you interested in
text:i would like to know which companies offer prepaid cell phones and what kind of phones are available	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:do you want the history of porterville
text:no i want to know the school there	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want general information about the test
text:yes i want to know what it measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what price range of cell phones are you interested in
text:the cell phone has to be jail broke	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want a crossword puzzle about idaho
text:no i am interested in knowing the state flower for idaho	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need to book a dj for an event
text:no i want to become one	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:should i provide you with the contact information for french lick resort and casino
text:no just tell me if discounted packages are available	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine
text:yes	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you need to book a dj for an event
text:yes for a wedding	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the latest tennessee titans scores
text:no looking for titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:no i want the hospital that is in new york	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:what age group are you reffering to
text:dont know	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:are you planning to run or exercise
text:no	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:yes dsl specifically	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:no i want to know about avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for kitchen furniture
text:no i am wondering about the scale of furniture for small spaces	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to see a picture of moth
text:no i need help controling moths in my home	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc campus are you most interested in
text:the one in north carolina	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i just want to know about the job openings	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin
text:no i want to know what are cooking times and temperatures for roast pork tenderloin	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:are you looking for any specific photos
text:no i want to know what kind of wood should be used for raised garden beds	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:
text:	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history figures
text:no im looking for childrens activities based on black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you feel unprepared for the gmat test
text:im not sure	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards personal life
text:yes specifically i would like to know the names of his family members	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to learn how to cheat in ps2 games
text:no i want to buy used games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for hunting guides
text:no	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports personalities
text:no i want to learn about fantasy football	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:do you need a map of hotels
text:i need a list of luxury hotels	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account
text:no i am only interested in a 403b	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:no just take me to full tilt pokers website	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:no i just want to know more about grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:no just take me to the homepage of full tilt poker	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:no i am looking for dieting advice that does not include fads or medications	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no i just need general information about iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue nebraska
text:no bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:are you referring to pocono mountains
text:yes	labels:Find a map showing lodgings in the Poconos PA region.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to purchase a weather stripping product
text:no i would like to know how to use one	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to hear the songs while you read the lyrics
text:no	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information on the person who invented music
text:no i want to see the history of classic music	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for the nearest junck yard
text:no where can i buy used car parts online	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want the history of the civil right movement
text:yes specifically that pertaining to martin luther king jr	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know how many square miles afghanistan is
text:no i want information about the war in afghanistan	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you want to know internet phone service providers
text:yes but i need to know which is best	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you wanting help with what to do to get organized in your home
text:yes for office clutter and time management	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want a map
text:yes along with other tourist information like beaches and hotels	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports personalities
text:no i would like specific information on rankings and scores	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to lipomassage
text:no i which to look at photos of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:yes specifically at no cost	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in how tornadoes are formed
text:no	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:is unc the name of a game
text:no i am looking for information on unc athletics not a specific game	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:
text:	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:are you interested in learning more about ralph owen brewseter
text:yes and his biography	labels:Find biographical information about Ralph Owen Brewster.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in
text:no i am just looking for information about the hotel locations	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to find a plane ticket to barbados
text:i doubt it	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is there a medical condition that you are looking heal
text:no i would like to know what kind of medical services are available at the mayo clinic in jacksonville fl	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:would you like to read some reviews
text:no i am looking for special offers	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like to see some pictures of it
text:yes	labels:What is the state flower of Idaho?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support
text:yes i want this information	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would any specific game interest you
text:inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want an acronym meanining for avp
text:no i want to find the website for avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for a specific method to cure your forearm pain
text:no im not	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:do you need to apply for food stamps in iowa
text:i dont know	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you wondering where porterville is
text:no i am wondering about the panthers sports teams at porterville high school in california	labels:Find information about the Panthers sports teams at Porterville High School in California.	episode_done:True
text:How can I view my internet history?	labels:on which device are you looking for history
text:the browser on my smart phone	labels:How can I find my internet browsing history, i.e., the web sites I have previously visited?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects hart beat rate
text:yes	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to see a ground map showing the uplift of yellowstone national park
text:yes	labels:home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms
text:no i want treatment information on malignant lypolysis	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in a specific type of penguin
text:no the pittsburgh penguins hockey team	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need mediciation for fibromyalgia
text:i want to know what the signs of fibromyalgia are	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need admission information for the university of phoenix
text:yes for online programs	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to purchase one or rent it
text:no i want to see what is available and in what brands	labels:What brands of mobility scooters are available?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:is there a specific material it needs to be made from wood cement tin
text:im not sure yet i want to know which one is best	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find a certain song
text:no i want a biography	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to know the value of old coins
text:not only that and only for one specific denomination of coin	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you need need information related to unemployed services in michigan
text:no i need information about jobs in michigan	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for the stock symbol avp
text:no i need avp antivirus reviews and comparisons	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:where would you like your raffle to take place
text:no i want to know about sir stamford raffles	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:using needle and thread or a sewing machine
text:i want to find websites with beginning sewing information	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you interested to teach sewing to children
text:i want information on downloadable sewing patterns	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for something to read
text:yes poetry written by maya angelou	labels:Find Maya Angelou's poetry.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:
text:	labels:What are some small space decorating dos and don'ts?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want a designer dog
text:no i dont want a designer dog i just want to look at pictures of them	labels:Find pictures of various designer dog breeds.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know where the quote came from
text:yes	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for kitchen furniture
text:no i want to find out how some furniture arrangements create the illusion of extra space	labels:How does furniture arrangement create an illusion of more space?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to place an order
text:no	labels:Who are retailers that sell Jax Chemical Company's Green Patina solution?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the weather of a specific city in afghanistan
text:no i am looking for information about the war in afghanistan not weather of a specific city	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would any specific game interest you
text:no im looking for music	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for east ridge high school activities
text:yes on their sports facilities	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:what event do you want to attend at the fairgrounds
text:i m unsure but i want to know where to buy tickets in general	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know how much the last supper painting is worth
text:no i want to see it	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:
text:	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs
text:the fruit	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have pain on both sides of your throat
text:yes	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos
text:yes	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the cost of treatment
text:no i want to know what causes lymphoma in dogs	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about home remedies for joint pain
text:no i would like information on different types of woodworking joints used	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game
text:no	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol
text:no i am interested in filling out a customer satisfaciton survey aobut a tennesse highway patrol state trooper	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:no	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know where to buy one
text:no i would llike to find reviews fo the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information related to music notation and written music
text:no i just need information on the history	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:what type of rice dish are you looking for
text:none	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:is there something you need to know about this condition
text:i want to know what support groups there are for fibromyalgia	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to learn about the law
text:i want to know how to qualify as a paralegal	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for the information how 403b plan works
text:yes	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you interested in something specific about martha stewart and imclone
text:yes can you give me a rundown and timeline of martha stewards insider trading case	labels:find information/timeline about Martha Stewart's insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you trying to compare android to ios
text:no which companies offer phones with prepaid plans	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from typing
text:maybe what injuries can cause it	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see facts about madam cj walkers early life
text:yes that would be historical	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to fill an application for a hunting licence
text:no i would like to fill out an application or find information on obtaining a dnr	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:i just want to know some common phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want to get a hunting or fishing license in arizona
text:no i just need their reporting site	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see the difference between a 403b and 401k account
text:sure that will work	labels:What is a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in gaming keyboards
text:yes which ones are best	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need technical support related to your service
text:no i just need prices for internet phone service	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to buy a book on the best types of best long term insurances and learn more about it
text:no i want to know what ratings am best has given to long germ care policies	labels:What ratings has AM Best given to long term care insurance polices?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like the history of south africa
text:no i would like pictures of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:are you looking for paralegal job opportunities
text:no im looking for abaapproved certification programs	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know how to trun a grill on
text:no	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know the climate figs are found in
text:no i am looking for recipes that use figs	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm
text:i want information about staying at fickle creek farms bed and breakfast	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall
text:no i am looking for information on a pink floyd movie called the wall	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to identify a moth
text:no i need to protect my clothing from moths	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the war in Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:is there a coin dealer near you
text:not that i know of	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:is there a specific internet company you need information on
text:i want the ones that offer voip service	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you interested in an online site for diabetes
text:no	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:how many facts do you want
text:i want enough facts to entertain young students for an hour maybe 25	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in a puppy
text:yes designeer dog breed puppies	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to sell old coins
text:i would like more information on how to sell coins	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:id like more information on the world series of poker	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:would you like to know what more about the history of martha stewart and imclone
text:no i want to find sites that support her regarding the insider trading case	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the list of inuyasha characters
text:yes if they are on fan forums and websites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:no i want tips on grilling vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about built in keyboards
text:i want to find reviews for musical keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you watch lawbased television
text:that doesnt matter i need to know the duties of a paralegal	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for physical locations of dmv offices
text:no i need general information about registering a vehicle in virginia	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:which counties law would you like clarification on
text:i would like claification on family law	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you needing to know what its used for
text:no i need to gather pricing information from skeet shooting game retailers	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to see images of the idaho state flower
text:i want to know any fun facts about the flower in general	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you trying to find out what worms eat
text:no	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you interested in the human services department
text:no i am looking for doctors or hospitals in sonoma county california	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to directions to kansas city
text:no i want to find kansas city chiefs homepage	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:which dinosaurs are you interested in
text:i am interested in any and all dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know of any bobcats for sale
text:no i am talking about the animal	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in the computer game worms
text:no i want to know about the conficker worm	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know who grades your sats
text:i want to know the range of good scores	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking
text:no i want to know how hypnosis can help someone quit smoking	labels:How can hypnosis help someone quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in
text:i want to know about the catholic order	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to request an appointment
text:no	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:i need rental locations for bobcat tractors and equipment	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you think the best long term care insurance is right for you
text:no i want pricing on long term insurance policies	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:have you talked to your doctor about heart rate
text:i am looking for suggestions on lowering my heart rate	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what size is your toilet
text:im interested in how to fix a broken toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:are you wanting to find out side effects of common schizophrenia drugs
text:no i need to know what drugs are used in different stages of schizophrenia	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want a phone number
text:yes plus other contact information	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order
text:no i need information about alexian brothers hospital	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in the evolution of bobcats
text:no just general information	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to access yahoos twitter feed
text:that might help	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:one that tell me about the nutritional value of white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for attractions near porterville
text:no i am looking for schools	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see the cooking temperature of pork tenderloin
text:i want to know how to cook a pork tenderloin on a gas grill so i need the instructions and the temperature for a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in how pvc is made
text:yes i want to know what pvc is made of	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for a class for elliptical trainer
text:no i am looking to purchase one	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in learning about the symptoms associated with asbestos poisioning
text:no i want to find basic information about the dangers of asbestos	labels:Find basic information about the dangers of asbestos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need information about a volvo dealership
text:no where can i buy volvo parts online	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the music from inuyasha
text:no i would like some images from inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like diretions to arkadeliphia health club
text:yes what are the different locations	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:would you like to know about obamas ancestors
text:yes particualarly information about his parents and grandparents	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking bellevue square mall
text:no i want information on the city of bellvue washington	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to go to arkansas
text:just general information on little rock arkansas	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you searching for dieting pills
text:no	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for hunting guides
text:yes	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:would you like information on yelp
text:yes can i get the location and review please	labels:locations and reviews of health clubs in Arkadelphia, Arkansas	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what type of website do you need
text:i need web site hosting	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no tell me where to get iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery
text:i want to know the history of culpeper national cemetery	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you looking for a world atlas
text:i want the homepage for google maps	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:that is not relevant to the information i am looking for	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:do you want information on the differenct services that are provided
text:yes	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know irons atomic number or mass
text:i need places to buy a clothes iron	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for diet information
text:no i want to go the main website of the american association of diabetes educators homepage	labels:Take me to the American Association of Diabetes Educators homepage.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to read about dj employment
text:no im looking to hire a wedding dj	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you need study information from professors
text:no	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to compare specific ps 2 games
text:no i am looking for a location to where i can purchase ps 2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to know the value of old coins
text:i do not know	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:no i am referring to bellevue nebraska	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need information about a volvo dealership
text:no i want to find reviews of the xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:no	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking to move here
text:i dont know i want to know about medical care in porterville	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to know the cause of it
text:no i want a list of medications that are used to treat fybromyalgia	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles tv series
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:what year do you want to begin contributing 403b
text:no i want to know how a 401k is different than a 403b plan	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know where to buy vines for shade
text:no i would like to know how to use and train my existing vines to create shade around my house	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no any site that sells parts for heavy trucks and semis	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you interested in human body joints classifications
text:yes	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a hotel i singapore
text:no	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific sport
text:yes find nba standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you interested in new york hotel prices
text:yes for hotels near times square	labels:I want to book a room in a hotel that's on Times Square in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you searching for workers for your company
text:no i am looking for a job for myself	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you talking about the stock price of the giant
text:no just take me to yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what price range are you looking for
text:i am looking for the cheapest	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:do you want to know more about the the curriculum
text:no id like to know what people are saying about its quality of education	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:are you looking for a diet to help manage fibromyalgia
text:no i need support groups for fibromyalgia sufferers	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know who owns espn
text:no	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for meat eating or plant eating dinosaurs
text:i want both	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary
text:no i need to know who can be buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:i am looking for dealers in irons for clothing	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to hear air travel info in the news
text:no just tips	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the watch brand
text:yes im looking for the brands homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to know who grades your sats
text:no i want to go to the homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:What are some Kansas City, MO tourist attractions?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what kind of information do you need about rock and gem shows
text:i want to know which ones offer lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:no i want to know when poker tournments in atlantic city are occuring	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol
text:no i am looking for their home page	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you looking for a specific product in flushing queens
text:no i want to know what makes people blush	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need any specific information about sat grades
text:no i am looking for general infomation	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism
text:no just information for tourists there	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:would you like the history of the uss yorktown or information on visiting it
text:i just want history information on the aircraft carriers	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know how to use the bowflex power pro
text:no i wish to find reviews of the bowflex power pro so i can read them	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced
text:no i am interested in reading reviews of the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:can you read sewing patterns
text:i need a user manual for my sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you wanting a copy of your credit report
text:no i want to know how to dispute information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you interested in knowing how iron is made
text:no i want the element iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:
text:	labels:Find personal stories about living with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you need to contact yahoo
text:no i am just looking for more information on yahoo not how to contact them	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need to know who the ceo of jax chemical company is
text:no i just need some contact information for them	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:i am not rather i am trying to find inexpensive dsl providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:
text:	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what exactly do you wanto to know about the dangers of asbestos
text:i want to know about the mortality rates due to asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you interested in scooter laws
text:no just products	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:do you want to know if mad cow disease has a cure
text:no id like to know what the symptoms are	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in the penguins of madagascar
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:did you want to know what the most popular cell phones are
text:no i want a list of what cell phone companies offer motorola phones	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what is the most you are willing to spend on a ps 2 game
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want an espn sports schedule
text:no i only want football and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no i need diet supplements	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:diabetes education regarding children or adults
text:no i would like to have free diabetes education materials such as videos pamphlets and books	labels:Find free diabetes education materials such as videos, pamphlets, and books.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need admission information for the university of phoenix
text:no i am looking for competitors of the university of phoenix not admissions information	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like information on how gps works
text:no i would like to find digital cameras that comes with gps built ins only	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:carpartcom	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know information about the patrol
text:no im looking for a web site	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in
text:i just want to read some reviews	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you need to know where you can purchase a grill
text:no i want to know about grilling fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 adventure games
text:list of games and specs for the playstation 2	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm
text:no i am looking for info on the bed and breakfast at fickle creek farms	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which nile are you interested in learning about
text:i am interested in information on the feud between speke and burton over the discovery of the source of the nile river	labels:information on the feud between Speke and Burton over the discovery of the source of the Nile river	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:no i am looking for information on medical care	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:
text:	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to shakespear
text:yes hamlets soliloquy	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what project do you want to use the pvc for
text:at this point just tell me what pvc fitting are available	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Nebraska.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for showtimes for the music man
text:i would like a list of songs from music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you searching for your sat scores
text:no i want to find the homepage of the college board	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the temperature of uranus
text:i would like to know what facts we know about uranus versus what open ended questions there are about the planet	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what kind of aircrafts would you like to know about
text:uss yorktown charleston sc	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i am interested in the website carpartcom	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you looking for the world series of poker
text:no im looking for books on playing poker in tournaments like the world series of poker	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:any diet and excercise types that can help me lose weight gradually	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know more about sliding glass doors
text:no	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:not at all i want the webpage for the avp sponsor of professional beach volleyball events	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:
text:	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:what sport are you interested in
text:i am into the nba please find me the leagues current standings	labels:I want to find NBA basketball standings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:are you interested in any specific events here
text:i need to know how to get there	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you referring to bellevue washington
text:yes the college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which area of study are you looking for at unc
text:i am looking for the hospital location	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:are you looking for specific program information
text:yes coverage for lowincome people	labels:I am looking for more information about health care coverage for low-income residents ofSonoma County, CA.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interested in black history
text:yes but specifically inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to find retirement financial advisors
text:no	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:are you looking for the alexian brothers lay catholic order
text:yes i am	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need information on how to install a toilet
text:no i need to know where i can buy parts for an american standard toilet	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:what year do you want to begin contributing 403b
text:i need to first know if im eligible	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like directions to mitchell college
text:no i want the homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you interested in learning about a presidents power
text:yes i want historical information	labels:Find historical information about the office of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:may i provide you a list of best credit reporting agencies
text:no how do i dispute credit report information	labels:How do you dispute credit report information?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in pvc pipe
text:no i am not	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari games or information about the brand
text:i am interested in atari games	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering what uranus is made of
text:yes and other general information	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:no i am looking for books on the subject	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:no i want to find a koreanenglish dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:do you want to know what electronic skeet shoot is
text:no i am looking for types of games	labels:What different types of electronic skeet shooting games are available?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports personalities
text:no nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you looking to buy pvc pipe
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:how big do you want the flames to be
text:i do not know i need to information on flame decals for a car or motorcycle	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you interested in the costs of building a fence
text:yes as well as other information about that	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on best climate for specific plants
text:no i want photos of raised garden beds	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for
text:i need information on how to organize a charity or schooltype raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin
text:yes but i need a recipe	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:do you want to know who sings i will survive
text:no i need the song lyrics	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:do you want to compare different models
text:yes kenmore ones	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in any specific city in florida
text:no anything along the ocean will do	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:is this tangible personal property tax just for you
text:no i want information on when it is due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol
text:right now i am only interested in what is required to become a tennessee highway patrol state trooper	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you purchasing pork tenderloin today
text:no	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:how big do you want the flames to be
text:i dont have this information	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:are you searching for the chorus of i will survive
text:i am searching for the song	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture
text:no i just want to learn about hip fractures in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you referring to the time magazine essay
text:no i need information about where obamas parents and grandparents are from	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you have any dependents on your record
text:maybe but i just want to know when they are due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know where rice originated
text:no i am looking for the homepage of the university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in types of pvc pipe
text:no i am interested in information about premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know how to get to arkansas
text:i want a map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:do you want a history of the nile
text:no i want instruction to the game	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see music stores in your area
text:yes i want music stores	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:are you looking for any specific details on the safety of afghanistan
text:no i want maps	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for irons melting point
text:no im looking for iron supplements	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to the search engine
text:no the company that produces the search engine	labels:Find information about Yahoo!, the company.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:would you like to know how to reduce clutter
text:i would like to find a page with containers	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you need a retailer near you
text:possibly where else can i find scooters for sale	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like to know about yellowstones history of eruptions
text:i want to know about future eruption likelihood	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design
text:no i want information about and courses for designing web sites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know who is hiring here
text:no i just want to know what the most common jobs in connecticut are	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the script for the music man
text:yes	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:no id like to find books on tournament poker playing	labels:Find books on tournament poker playing.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for any specific web pages
text:yes for home remidies for elbow pain	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language classes
text:yes i am	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is there a medical condition that you are looking heal
text:no i want outpatient housing info in jacksonville florida	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:
text:	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need any specific information about sat grades
text:yes i want to know what is a good range for the scores	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for how long it takes light from the sun to get to the earth
text:no i am talking bout the newspaper called the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no i want to find businesses that offer prep classes for gmat	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what country volvo is located
text:no i need to find online sources for volvo parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like to know how many tickets they right ever year
text:and other information	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to a specific company
text:i want information about avon products	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the latest research in lymphoma in dogs
text:yes	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like to know about south african food
text:no i want to know about the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:
text:	labels:What causes the heart to beat faster or slower?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:are you looking for a video tutorial on how this is done
text:yes show videos on how to tie a windsor knot	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:how much do you report for your income
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking to fix a moth infestation
text:maybe specifically what do moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:no i want information about bellevue college	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know other related tests
text:no	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes
text:no i want to see information about excessive facial flushing	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:are you looking for ps 2 games prices
text:no i want reviews for ps 2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you need instructions to do the test
text:no i want to know what the test measures	labels:What does the sit and reach test measure?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for listings with a particular skill set
text:no not a particular skill set just a particular location	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:i am looking for jobs as a dj	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for prepaid phones
text:i dont know	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you want to buy flame design stickers
text:no i would like free flame designs i can copy	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden
text:no i would like to find a raised garden bed kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog
text:no im looking for their athletics department	labels:Find the homepage for the athletics department at Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:is there any specific information about the river that would interest you
text:yes a map of its river basin	labels:map of the Nile River basin	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:do you want to know the difference between that and other taxes
text:no	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:would some analysis of hamlet be interesting to you
text:no i would like the text of the soliloquy containing that quote	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know what their jurisdiction is
text:no i want to find out how what gets hired to work for the us border patrol in texas	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you need the contact information for the sherwood regional library
text:no i want to know what services the library provides	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you interested in finding out the middle name of the most recent presidents
text:no i am interested in the names of all us presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking to buy cheap internet
text:no	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Atlantic City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to know who are buried at culpeper national cemetery
text:i want to know the history of it	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:do you want to know the legality of dnr
text:this is not related to my search	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in satellite maps
text:no i want an online world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:would you like directions to the va dmv registration
text:yes also what hours ar they opn	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you talking about the navel academy
text:no just the requirements for the university in general	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:what kind of media are you interested in there are many videos and still frames of the secret garden from its movies plays tv musical and opera productions
text:secret garden tv and movies	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do need to see any specific information about 403b eligibility
text:no i just need to know what the difference between a 401k and a 403b plans for retirement	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:are you interested in getting details on finding a lawyer for child support
text:yes but general legal rules	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:which type of moth are you looking for
text:none i am asking about moth eggs	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific type of rice
text:yes white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:show me a picture of the barbados flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you trying to locate the causes for lipoma
text:no i am looking for pictures of the tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:do you already have a phone service
text:i dont know	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:would you like to learn about rock and gem shows in oregon
text:yes	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which inuyasha characters are you interested in
text:none im interested in the music	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you need help finding a vet that treats lymphoma in dogs
text:no i would like to find out the treatment options for dogs with lymphoma	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:would you like to know which spider bites you swould be worried about
text:no i would like to know how to identify different kinds of spider bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you referring to a person named rice
text:yes condoleeza rice	labels:Find biographical information about former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about kagome higurashi
text:no this is not related to my search	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:yes	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:do you want to compare different models
text:no i need an owners manual	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:is it for a blog or for online retail
text:blog	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering which provider has the cheapest internet
text:no i would like to know if theres a way to get internet access without phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like directions to the nearest iowa food stamp office
text:no just show me their homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:can you read sewing patterns
text:yes and i need to see which ones are available online	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to a specific vehicle
text:yes i want the homepage for titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what kind of pictures are you looking for
text:i am looking for flame decal designs for vehicles	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:what division of michworks are you interested in
text:i need to know what jobs are available	labels:What jobs are available in Michigan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:how do you intend to use hp mini 2140
text:maybe but i want retailers and price info about the hp mini 2140 notebook computer	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you need a phone number
text:no i want to see animal planet products	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:do you want a list of dinosaur names
text:yes i would also like the list to include pictures of the dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:
text:	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you using this around the yard
text:i am not sure yet	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:no i want to find which companies offer classes for gmat prep	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want to know the symptoms of ocd
text:yes exactly	labels:Find basic background information on obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from hamlet
text:yesthat can work	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context
text:i am intrested in a quote from shakespeare	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for a health club or a country club
text:yes the arkadelhpia health club	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:would you like to know the best way to clean a toilet
text:no i want a list of companies who manufacturer bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need information on employment opportunities
text:no i need information of the pacific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for korean language symbols
text:no resources on learning and teaching the korea language	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking to find a djs website
text:as long as the dj specializes in hoiphop music	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain
text:i need reviews for web hosting services for small businesses	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for a list of all us presidents
text:yes i want a list of past us presidents	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:the history of flame design
text:if they include decals yes	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:no i need something related to the korean language but not the history of it	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:is there a certain melody you are interested in
text:no names of the artists who recorded songs about mothers day	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what services do you want to find information about
text:no just tell me where their offices are and when they operate	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:do you know what a heart attack is
text:yes i need information about the early signs of one	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know the size of this product
text:no i would just like to get reviews on this product	labels:reviews of Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the vietnam veterans memorial wall
text:no the pink floyd album	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:no i want a map	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting tips
text:no can you please give me some crash diets to help me lose weigh quickly	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:which martha stewart and imclone television show episdoe are you looking for
text:none i want to find out about her involvement with imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:would you like the see the calendar of events
text:no i would like to know when the sherwood regional library opens and closes	labels:What are the hours of operation of the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you want to know the size of culpeper national cemetery
text:no i want to know which people can be buried there	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:do you need information about voip phone services
text:i would like a list of voip phone service providers	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you planning to organize a raffle for a specific event
text:no	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:what is your price range
text:i am not interested in that i want information on the location of the hotels	labels:Where are hotels on Long Island, New York?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the temperature of uranus
text:no i am looking for the wikipedia page on uranus	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:yes im looking for injuries and conditions that cause forearm pain	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in shakespeares plays
text:no	labels:Find a critical analysis of Hamlet's "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to learn more about how to exercise with the bowflex power pro
text:no	labels:Find recall notices for the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for lipoma removal
text:no i am looking for treatments for lipolysis	labels:What are the treatments for malignant lipolysis?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you interested in a specific part
text:no i am interested in all website selling car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need their homepage
text:yes i am looking for the homepage for alexian brothers hospital	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the actors in the music man
text:no i want to know where the music man is currently being performed	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see news about culpeper national cemetary
text:yes including the history of the cemetary	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to compare different weather stripping products
text:no i need to know how to weather strip car windows and doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:are you interested in the treatment costs of lymphoma in dogs
text:no	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering how to spot a tornado
text:no i want to see some pictures and videos	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:how do you know if your internet service is inexpensive
text:no who has inexpensive digital cable bundled with internet service	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you interested in the costs of building a fence
text:no i need the materials	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:
text:	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you having trouble quitting somking
text:no i want to know about methods for quitting smoking	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i am looking for the iowa food assistance program website	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you interested in condos in sale
text:yes but only beachfront ones located in florida	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker
text:no i want information about her business	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know who carries this product
text:yes	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from
text:no i need to know how long i should cook it and how hot it should get	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you keeping people out or animals in
text:both	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats
text:i am not interested in this topic	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in dnr stock
text:no	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to read an encyclopedia entry on uranus
text:yes one for elementarymiddle school students	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you referencing earthquake activity
text:yes	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want pictures of old coins
text:no	labels:What is the value of a rare wheat US penny?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for any legal information
text:no websites for finding jobs in connecticut	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need information about the san antonio international airport
text:no	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in how tornadoes are formed
text:yes i want to know how tornadoes are formed	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:would you like to read about colleges in arkansas
text:i only want information that a tourist would see	labels:Provide Arkansas tourist information.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know about specific key people
text:yes martin luther king jr	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity
text:no i am interested in pictures and wallpapers of inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig
text:no i am looking for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs not where it comes from	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:no i just want to know who the players are	labels:I want to find information on the World Series of Poker.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:im looking for the homepage for rick warrens book	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:
text:	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the monster from the final fantasy series
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see a price range for gmat prep classes
text:no i want to see the beatthegmat blog and forums	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report
text:no i want to know how to get my credit report	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:
text:	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:do you want to know if this is the company martha stewart went to jail for
text:no i am looking for opinions regarding the case	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you looking for fencebuilding materials
text:yes and steps on how to erect a chainlink fence	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in mothers day songs	labels:is there a certain genre of music you prefer
text:i dont know	labels:names of artists who have recorded songs about Mother's Day	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the average annual salary for paralegals
text:no i want approved aba certificate programs	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:no i am looking for iron pills to increase my iron deficiency	labels:Find sites where I can buy iron supplements.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados flag
text:no i need to find tourist activities	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you looking for a job in dutchess county in regards to tourism
text:no i just need the homepage of the website	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:no just the names of different diets that promise quick weight loss	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is theh tax rate for the country youre in
text:im not sure	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:are you looking for some medication
text:no i want to know how sore throats are caused	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you referring to the lab in seattle
text:i dont know	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you interested to see images of it
text:no i want to look at product reviews	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:are you looking for the location of michworks
text:no i want to know about umemployment services in michigan	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:would you like a graph to be included with the results
text:okay	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:opinions regarding the insider trading case brought against Martha Stewart	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for a free internet phone service
text:no i am looking for the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:what are the ages of the children you want to find activities for
text:i don know i am only concerned about the actives for children to celebrate earth day	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:would you like to know mitchell colleges acceptance rate
text:no just send me to the mitchell colleges website	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas history
text:no	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in the history of atari
text:no i am interested in a web page to play old atari games	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information in different types that can be made
text:yes i want to find some kits	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for a history of solar eclipses
text:yes but not specifically only that topic	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts
text:yes i need an online site that sells used car parts	labels:I'm looking for online sites that sell car parts.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:i want some tips on how to pass	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you owe child support in indiana
text:right now i just want to find a law firm that offers child support services in indiana	labels:Find law firms that offer services relevant to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes the arizona fishing report page	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for more information on food stamps in iowa
text:yes as well as how to apply	labels:How do I apply for Iowa's Food Assistance (food stamps) Program?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like historical information on madam cj walker
text:yes	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:no i am looking for information on diets low in carbohydrates	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:what aspect of the flushing remostrance would you like to learn more about
text:no i want to know why people blush	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:would you like to know how many there are
text:no	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific representative in relation to the company
text:no i just need you to bring up the home page of the pacific northwest national laboratory	labels:home page of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you need information about special deals
text:i would ike to know which hotels are near disneyland	labels:What hotels are near Disneyland?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:which symptoms do you believe you are experiencing
text:thats not what im talking about	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:no	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:which holiday season are you interested in
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:what brand of keyboards are you looking for
text:im not sure i just want reviews of keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know about woodworking
text:no i would like to know about joints in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:no i am just looking for colleges and other post secondary institutions located in porterville california	labels:What colleges or post-secondary institutions are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want more informaiton about grilling vegtables
text:yes i do	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a certain inuyasha character
text:no games	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:yes specifically i am interested in finding a map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to know more about pocono raceway
text:no i wanted to know more about the pocono mountains in pennsylvania	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:would you like to explore more on scooters
text:yes particularly hoveround scooters	labels:Find the homepage of Hoveround scooters.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know to to mend a shirt
text:id like to see some begginning sewing sites	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like directions to the nearest parts store
text:i need local junk yards and salvage yards	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for avp beach volleyball
text:yes	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you like to know more about its history
text:no i only want the home page to the university	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to a specific vehicle
text:no the tennessee titans	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what aspect of pvc are you interested in the manufacturing or the applications
text:i am asking about health premature ventricular contractions	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:would you like to know the symptoms of a dog in heat
text:no	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how low would you like to lower your heart rate
text:i dont i want to know what the normal resting heart rate is	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school
text:no i just need the general home page	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to see ways of temporarily slowing a heart attack
text:no i want to know about how the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the address of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no	labels:What medical services are available at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in kansas city mo tourism
text:yes if it is casino specific	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to know more about dieting products for weight loss
text:yes specificially herbal in nature	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges tuition rates
text:no i am simply looking for their homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:no iron for clothing	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:
text:	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a room in raffles hotel in dubai
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you looking for dining room furniture
text:no i would like to know how mirrored surfaces affect small spaces	labels:What is the effect of mirrored surfaces in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:
text:	labels:find sites that support Martha Stewart with respect to the insider trading case	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to compare different weather stripping products
text:no i want to know how to actually do it on sliding glass doors	labels:How do I weather strip my sliding glass door?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting writings by the pastor
text:yes i want his writings homepage	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you want to learn about the history of dieting
text:no i want recommendations of specific diets and which exercises to do	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want to book a stay here
text:actually im interested in the experiences of others whove stayed there	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i am seeking specific information	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:yes i am looking how to fix it	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines
text:no just trying to find the best eliptical trainer	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want to know their hours of operation
text:no i would like to find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew a dress
text:no i would like materials to teach children how to sew	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what price range are you looking for
text:thats irrelevant i need to know where i can register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you asking what year the company originated
text:no	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what kind of pictures are you looking for
text:pictures of flames and fires	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know what the symptoms of a hip fracture are
text:no i want to know how many hip fractures occur in the us a year	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:are you interested only the list of health benefits of dark chocolate
text:yes i am interested in the benefits of eating dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need the address or location for the company
text:no i am interested in getting information about jobs there	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like to read about different types of diet pills
text:no	labels:Find crash diet plans that promise quick weight loss in a short period of time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:regarding food stamps in iowa are you looking for eligibility information
text:yes i need to know if i qualify	labels:Find the homepage for Iowa's Food Assistance Program?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan
text:yes i need the limitations for the withdrawal 403b retirement plan	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want information about fees for indexed annuities
text:no i want to know where and from whom i can get them	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want more information on the history of madam cj walker
text:yes that is precisely what i want	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:yes	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for reviews of djs
text:that could help but for wedding djs	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know about the process of disputing credit report
text:yes	labels:I need the customer service contact information for the three major credit reporting agencies.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:do you want to know how long a female dogs heat lasts
text:no i want to know what are the dangers of excessive heat on dogs	labels:What is the effect of excessive heat on dogs?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:what year do you want to know the president for
text:all years i want to find pictures of all the people who have been president of the united states	labels:Find pictures of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like information about cholesterol reports
text:tell me more about ldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:what would you like to know about bobcats
text:no i want information about the company bobcat	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on recycling lead acid batteries	labels:do you want to find a nearby recycling center that can accept thise batteries
text:yes id like information about recycling lead batteries	labels:Where can I recycle lead acid batteries?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:would you like to purchase a indexed annuity
text:no i would like a definition of what an indexed annuity and the different types as well as the pros and cons of them	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns size
text:no im looking for the website of the newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about folk remedies for a sore throat.	labels:do you want to know if these remedies actually work
text:i want to know which of the folk remedies seem to work the best	labels:What folk remedies are there for soothing a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:would you like to know the size of this product
text:no i want to know what features it has how safe they are and what their energy consumption is	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you interested in neil youngs history
text:no id like a list of neil young tour dates	labels:Find a list of Neil Young tour dates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want the definition of fibromyalgia
text:no i want to know the primary symptoms and signs	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:what area of the country do you live in
text:i dont know	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:do you need the address of culpeper national cemetery
text:no i am looking for the history	labels:What is the history of the Culpeper National Cemetery?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you looking for information about how big the sun is
text:no i am looking for the newspaper in the uk called the sun	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:no i just need to know how to fix a toilet	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you preparing to conduct an interview or go to an interview
text:neither i want to write a thankyou letter	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you looking for reviews related to it
text:yes i am looking for reviews	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know the best vines for providing shade
text:yes i want to know which species of vines would be the best for shade	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles college of design
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are you looking for information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere
text:no i want information on continental drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in cartography
text:no just the google maps homepage	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:
text:	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:or maybe free internet
text:i am looking for providers of cheap tv and internet service bundles	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:yes need strategies for the parents	labels:Find strategies for parents of children with OCD.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to move to arkansas
text:no i need information on colleges and universities in arkansas	labels:Find information on colleges and universities in Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering how other people have quit smoking
text:yes	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i am trying to find common phrases in the korean language	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you looking to buy a scooter
text:i am looking for scooters for sale but it wouldnt be for me personally	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu
text:no i would like a map of the islands of vanuatu	labels:Find a map of the islands of Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:are you interested in scooter laws
text:no i would like to purchase a scooter	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:is there a specific type of fact that you want to know
text:i want general information about the planet	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:no i am looking for the homepage for avp antivirus software	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:which nile are you interested in learning about
text:nile the boar game	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want themed maps
text:yes take me to themed maps	labels:Take me to the Google Maps homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you seek further information on lab breeders
text:this doesnt apply	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need an address
text:i would like to find alexian brothers hospitals	labels:Find Alexian Brothers hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland
text:yes i am looking for a place to stay in disneyland	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:which portion of the united states are you looking at
text:i would like to know where morel mushrooms grow	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in asnestos exposure
text:yes what health conditions can it cause	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you interested in cartography
text:no i want to use a online world atlas	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:i dont know	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you trying to find out if they can use deadly force
text:no i want to work for them	labels:How do I get a job with the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to know the current rate
text:no the date it is due	labels:When is the tangible personal property tax due?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:
text:	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine affect the food you eat
text:no just tell me how they are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering when uranus was discovered
text:i want to find the wikipedia page with more information on uranus	labels:Find the Wikipedia page on Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it
text:yes im looking for free internet phone service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in who is in charge of the tn highway patrol
text:i need more information about the responsibilities of the tennessee highway patrol	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i would like a list of events held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know some basic tips for sewing
text:no i would like some instructions on how to use a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:are you at risk for having a heart attack
text:no i want to know the signs of a heart attack	labels:What are the early signs of a heart attack?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you iinterested in a kenmore gas water heater
text:yes i would like the owners manual	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you looking for a specific type of rice
text:no rice university	labels:Find the homepage of Rice University.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:using needle and thread or a sewing machine
text:both	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking to fix a moth infestation
text:yes	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you referring to the time magazine essay
text:yes please locate the photo essay	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:did not ask about a city in barbados	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you looking for biological information on his family
text:yes specifically information about his parents and grandparents	labels:Where did Barack Obama's parents and grandparents come from?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in building a home
text:no i want pink floyds album the wall	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know facts about the sun
text:no i would like to find the homepage for the baltimore sun newspaper	labels:Find the homepage for the Baltimore Sun newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to know what to plant in a raised garden
text:i want to know how to build the raised bed first	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:would you like a list of area doctors that can give professional advice on dieting
text:yes that would be beneficial	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:do you have a specific brand name on your mind
text:no just any moped in general	labels:Find mopeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:maybe	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for specific fanrelated information
text:no	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need directions to east ridge high school
text:not related to queryquestion	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:would you like to contact a lawyer about a possible dnr
text:no i need information on how to get a hunting license in michigan	labels:What is required to get a hunting license online from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want to obtain forms from the dmv
text:no	labels:information and procedures for registering vehicles in Virginia	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:would you like to see the a specific titan
text:yes i want to see titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what aspect of website desgin hosting are you interested in
text:im looking for cheap or free hosting companies	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there any specific information that you would like to know about employment requirements at pnl
text:no i am looking for types of research projects performed at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need a map of arkansas
text:no i want information about the city of little rock	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you looking for evolution of people
text:i don know	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to watch videos about how figs grow andor how to prepare them
text:no i want to know what varieties are there	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:do you want to know where south africa is
text:no i wish to find photos of south africa	labels:Find pictures of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for anything specific in terms of equal opportunity discrimination
text:yes im trying to find out who to contact if i think im being discriminated against	labels:Whom can I contact if I think I am being discriminated against by an equal opportunity employer?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you wondering if there has been a recall notice
text:no i want to buy one	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:vldl and ldl are both considered types of bad cholesterol
text:what is the difference between them as well as hdl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for benefits of an elliptical trainer vs other fitness machines
text:no	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles tv series
text:no i want to find the website for the raffles hotel	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:
text:	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:would you like the idaho state flower coloring page
text:no i want pictures of the idaho state flower	labels:Find pictures of the Idaho state flower.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:in which state are you looking for east ridge high school
text:florida	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no i am looking for bellevue university	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:what division of michworks are you interested in
text:not sure just shoe me their career resources	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:nope	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics
text:yes but i only need maps of the continental plates	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know the differences between butter and margarine
text:yes cholesterol calorie count and the other nutritional qualities	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information in different types that can be made
text:i am looking for plans for building a raised garden	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos
text:yes the death rates related to asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want the history of fickle creek farm
text:yes i would like the history of fickle creek farm	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you need instructions to do the test
text:yes and the proper performance of the test	labels:How is the sit and reach test properly done?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:what kind of satellite are you looking for
text:im not sure im looking for a satellite provider	labels:Find providers of satellite television.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:no i want to find out what are the best recommended exercises for helping with forearm pain	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know how old it is estimated to be
text:i am interested in that as well as other pertinent information about uranus	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:would you like to see trombones for sale on amazon
text:no i wish to sell one	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for information on the music man musical
text:yes i am looking for the current performances of the music man	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:do you want to know how others have used that quote
text:no give me more shakespeare quotes	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:what specific supply would you like to buy for your raised garden
text:no only need information on the kit	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:no i want the website for grilling magazine	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:are you looking for payment information
text:no i would like contact inforamtion for the california ftb	labels:Find contact information for the California FTB.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for
text:no just the symptoms or signs	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:where are you looking to travel to
text:i am traveling within the united states	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see specs on this equipment
text:yes i would like to see specs on the bowflex power pro	labels:Find information about the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like directions to the nearest parts store
text:no im looking for online stores	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a taxi
text:no i need the schedule of events	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment
text:no i want to know about the secret garden the broadway musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:do you want to hear a specific demographic from the results
text:no	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of where to buy a elliptical trainer
text:no i am looking for reviews of eliptical trainers	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you wanting to know more about the entrance requirements
text:i dont know	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you want to know where pork tenderloin comes from
text:no	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu
text:yes along with other travel information like distance beaches and hotels	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you asking what year the company originated
text:no	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:a translating dictionary specifically	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:how far back do you want to learn about black history
text:i just want to find some activities for children to perform	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like a map of barbados
text:no i need tourist activity suggestions	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:
text:	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:is this an emergency
text:no i am just looking for general information	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:are you looking for wilson antenna parts
text:yes but only various cb antennas	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know to to mend a shirt
text:no i am looking for sewing machine instructions	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in the computer game worms
text:no i need information on the types of worm viruses and spyware that get into a computer	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:do you want to know how to harvest rice
text:no the nutritional value	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no just show me some current providers	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:how many bedrooms do you want
text:show me vacation rentals with three bedrooms	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what brand is your toilet
text:i have an american standard brand toilet and im looking for parts	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information related to music notation and written music
text:no who invented the radio	labels:Who invented the radio?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you referring to a person named rice
text:no i was looking for recipes using rice	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:
text:	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:do you plan to sign up for coverage online
text:no i want to know companies that offer it	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see arizona hunting trip information
text:yes i want to look at more information about arizona huntings trips	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know who owns espn
text:no i only want information on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to purchase streaming services
text:no i want to learn how to watch television programming using my computer	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows
text:no i need information on the broadway musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:where are you looking to grow the ivy
text:i am looking to surround my house for shade	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:not in particular i just want to know how likely an eruption is at yellowstone national park	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to figure out the benefits of satellite tv over cable tv
text:no i want to know about satellite phones	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:are you looking for ct jobs in your area
text:no just take me to the homepage of the connecticut department of labor	labels:Take me to the homepage for the Connecticut Department of Labor.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like details on how to pay child support
text:no just how to calculate my obligation	labels:Help me calculate my child support obligation in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in the years inuyasha was shown in tv
text:no i need the music featured in the inuyasha tv series	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no i want to know when and where they operate their offices	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about a certain credit reporting company
text:no i want to know what goes in to scoring a persons credit	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dogs are you looking for
text:doesnt matter i need organizations that offer dogs for adoption	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to know what distinguishes gmat from gre
text:no i want the veritasprep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know more about ron howards directing career
text:no can you tell me if ron howard is married or has any children	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the titans from titanfall
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Tennessee Titans.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about scooters.	labels:there are some cool deals available shall i show them
text:yes please	labels:Find kids' scooters for sale.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:are you searching for a specific airport
text:i want travel tips provided by the tsa	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:do you want examples of ocd
text:no i am interested in medication used to treat ocd	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:would you like to know about the dangers of asbestos removal
text:not asbestos removal i want to know the mortality rate due to asbestos	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no i just need companies that manufacture home toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:are you interested in the suns size
text:yes any informationa about the sun	labels:Find information about the Sun, the star in our Solar System.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:what are you trying to learn about diabetes
text:i want to know how to become a diabetes educator	labels:How can I become a diabetes educator?	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:do you want wording of child support laws
text:yes show me the laws and procedures for indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about built in keyboards
text:i am looking for reviews on computer keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes i want the home page for east rigde high school	labels:home page for East Ridge High School in Chattanooga, Tennessee	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know some basic tips for sewing
text:no	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:would you like to know how to reduce clutter
text:yes in addition to knowing how to manage time	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:did you find them
text:no i am wondering how people start collecting old coins	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:
text:	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:is there a specific internet company you need information on
text:i need an internet company that has free internet phone service	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for topics related to bathroom health
text:no id like to compare and contrast different types of toilets	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:no i would like general information on gas grills and how to cook on a gas grill	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for information about staying at fickle creek farm
text:no i am looking for more general information	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to find out about the animal worm or a why a person is called a worm
text:about the animal worm	labels:Find information about worms in nature.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:what is theh tax rate for the country youre in
text:that doesnt matter but i need to know what states levy a tax against tangible personal property	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:is the ps 2 games for a child or an adult
text:no i want to know where to find the latest ps2 games	labels:I'm looking for sites that announce new PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know about the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs
text:yes	labels:What are the symptoms of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:i dont know	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:are you looking for contact info in relation to bart sf
text:no i just need the schedules and fares	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in the price range for trombones
text:no i am interested in place where i can sell a used trombone	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you referring to saturday or the verb
text:no	labels:Find general information about the SATs.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:would you like to know reviews for the best electronic keyboard
text:no i want to know about all keyboards	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting writings by the pastor
text:no im looking for his website	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking to find a djs website
text:that would be nice	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for specific fanrelated information
text:yes im looking for fan forums and websites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like instructions on how to use a sewing machine
text:looking for online instructions to learn how to sew	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:are you purchasing pork tenderloin today
text:no i want to know how i grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how much would you like to pay for a dog
text:nothing except for fees	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know how to craft tools made of iron
text:no i want to know what foods contain the mineral iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you like to know how many movies ron howard has directed
text:no i wish to know about ron howards family	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in finding cheap items on the internet
text:i want internet without phone service	labels:Is there a way to get internet access without phone service?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:neither i want the veritasprep home page	labels:Take me to the VeritasPrep home page.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog
text:no	labels:Find information on admissions to Mitchell College. How do I become a student there?	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:would you like highly rated reviews
text:i would like all reviews of the film les miserables	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:which type of moth are you looking for
text:i want to lnow what moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know the climate figs are found in
text:no i would like to know the health benefits of figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance
text:no	labels:What elected offices did Ralph Owen Brewster hold?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to know how poker tournaments are played
text:i want to sss a list of tournaments	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:yes i need information on gas grilling	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you looking for some statistics regarding the exposure of asbestos
text:yes	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:what would you like to know about obamas heritage
text:no i am looking for the time magazine article titled barack obamas family tree	labels:Find the TIME magazine photo essay "Barack Obama's Family Tree".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like information on arizona wildlife
text:no i am looking for the arizona fish and game department	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty
text:i want to open the web page	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for information on any specific internet technology
text:yes broadband	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you referring to alien vs predator
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for AVP antivirus software.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like to know your gps coordinates
text:no im looking for reviews	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is this an emergency
text:i dont know	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what kind of wilson antenna are you interested in
text:i am interested in knowing what kinds of cb antennas they sell	labels:What kinds of CB antennas does Wilson Antenna sell?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what brand of electronic skeet shoot are you inquiring about
text:i am not sure	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to read some reviews of wilson antennas
text:yes that would be helpful get more information	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:which continental plates are you interested in
text:im not sure	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:would you like a website about this topic
text:yes	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like written instructions or a video
text:i would like written instructions for sewing beginners	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the actors in the music man
text:no i am looking for the script for the music man	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which part of volvo are you interested in
text:no specific part	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking to get more information about titan machinery
text:no i would like information on the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer
text:yes	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:would you like to know how iron is mined
text:no i want dealers of clothes irons	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you want to know the best vines for providing shade
text:yes	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want information about espn sports programming in languages other than english
text:no i would like information on fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you looking for any bundles or deals
text:as long it they are tied to cheap dsl providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:are you looking for reviews of hotels
text:not yet	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want a map
text:no i want photos from the tv reality series survivor 9 vanuatu	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want themed maps
text:maybe i want to know where i can find free printable maps in general	labels:I want to find free printable maps.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill
text:no i am looking to buy an inexpensive elliptical trainer	labels:Where can I buy a used or discounted elliptical trainer?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need to find out how to organize your pantry
text:no i need supplies to organize my office	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information about causes of excessive facial flushing.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you interested in a recipe for grilled chicken
text:no a recipe to grill fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:
text:	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:
text:	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:i need dealers of clothes irons	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:do you want to know more about kid safe earth day activities
text:yes i want to know more about kids earth day activities	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you interested in the anatomy of forearms
text:no	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to register to take the sat test
text:no i want the homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to learn about the law
text:no	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you looking to subsitute butter and margarine
text:no i just want to know how theyre made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for a specific event or activity
text:no just a general timeline for the subject	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to know more about checked baggages rules
text:yes if they are good travel tips	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy
text:no i want specifications	labels:What are the specifications of the PlayStation 2 console?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:which president are you looking for
text:i just want the address	labels:What is the mailing address for the President of the United States?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:do you need info on what jax chemical company produces
text:no i am looking for the homepage	labels:find the home page of the Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you trying to find out the difference between 401k and 403b
text:no i want the rules for theb plan only	labels:What are the rules for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy a book about this topic
text:yes a book about penguins	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you referring of the dangers of asbestos in new or old houses
text:am interested in asbestos health problems in old and new homes	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about indoor or outdoor grilling
text:outdoor grilling	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to watch an inuyasha movie
text:no im looking for inuyasha pictures and wallpapers	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:Find symptoms of heart attack	labels:would you like to know about symptoms of a heart attack in a pet
text:no i want to know about symptoms for men and women	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know about normal heart rate
text:yes	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what kind of trade are you looking for
text:i am looking for a site for finding a job in connecticut	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to a medical condition for your pet
text:yes i want to know which animals present lipomas	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no im just looking for general information	labels:Find information about penguins.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:what kind of raffle are you interested in signing up for
text:actually i need the homepage of raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:would you like a list of dinosaur movies
text:no i want free images of dinosaurs	labels:I'm looking for free pictures of dinosaurs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:is there a specific neighborhood you are interested in
text:i need to see general luxury hotels in the city	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want to know the hours of operation
text:i am looking for directions to the library	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if you are eligible for equal opportunity employment
text:no i need to know the meaning of the phrase equal opportunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:yes please find a map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you looking for free internet phone service or are you willing to pay for it
text:no i need to know who provides voip phone service	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to see charts about vldl levels
text:no i would like to know how the levels are determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:no i just want the bellevue homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for an online or inperson gmat prep class
text:i just want to know the differene between the gre and gmat	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:what would you like to know about yahoo
text:nothing just take me to yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know where to get treatment for a hip fracture
text:no i just want general information	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:which alexian brothers hospital are you interested in
text:i want you to navigate to the alexian brothers health system homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering if it is hard to quit smoking
text:no im looking for ways to quit smoking	labels:What are the ways you can quit smoking?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts from a particular manufacturer
text:no	labels:I'm looking for parts for commercial vehicles such as heavy trucks and semis.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the sun.	labels:do you want to know facts about the sun
text:no	labels:Find the homepage for the U.K. newspaper, The Sun.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want realistic or cartoonish designs
text:i dont know	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in a specific type of penguin
text:no	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for any specific information about the birds
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins
text:no i want to see pictures of penguins	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to purchase a box to measure with
text:no i would like to know how the sit and reach test is used in physical rehabilitation treatment	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a taxi
text:no i just need a listing of hotels near orange county convention center	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:what tourist spots are you looking for in dutchess county
text:i just want their homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Dutchess County (NY) Tourism.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in an avanced treatment below ground design
text:yes and other designs	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:artificial but i just need to see maps and geographic images from them	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:what would you like to know about vldl levels
text:how are they determined	labels:How are VLDL levels determined?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in aj raffles
text:no i need the raffles hotel in dubai homepage	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you need specific forms to fill out
text:yes i need forms to file taxes	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:What are signs of a heartattack?	labels:would you like to know about early signs of a heart attack
text:no i want to know how different it is with different genders	labels:Do the signs of a heart attack differ between men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia
text:i would like information on the symptoms of fibromyalgia	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:
text:	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to calculate how much an indexed annuity would provide
text:no i would like to know what companies offer indexed annuity for me to buy	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:is your volvo having a maintenance issue
text:i need to know where i can find volvo parts online	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to register to take the sat test
text:no id like to know the average sat score and the typical range for the sat score	labels:What are typical and good ranges for SAT scores? What is the average score?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you wanting to see sermons by the pastor
text:no	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:do you want to know the nearest vet that can help
text:no i want to know what treatment is available for dogs with lymphoma	labels:What treatments are available for dogs diagnosed with lymphoma?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:can you show me dieting and exercise recommendations	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the author
text:yes	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:would you like to know the various diseases of the joints
text:yes as well as other facts about joints in the body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for similar artists to neil young
text:no i am interested in the actual neil young	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:where would you like your raffle to take place
text:no i want to know about the raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you trying to look up the results of a raffle in your area
text:no am looking for information on how to organize a raffle	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:yes i do	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you need any specific information on obama inauguration
text:no	labels:Take me to Rick Warren's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me bio of george bush sr.	labels:would you like to know how long george bush sr was president
text:no i am looking for more detailed information about his life from a variety of sources	labels:Find biographies of US President George H.W. Bush.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:where would you like your raffle to take place
text:i dont know	labels:Find information about car raffles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you interested in job openeings in kansas city mo
text:no go to the kansas city chiefs homepage	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:
text:	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you interested in schools in poterville
text:no i am looking for medical centers	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:are you referring to a person named rice
text:no im referring to the food white rice	labels:What is the nutritional value of white rice?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:
text:	labels:What cell phone companies offer Motorola phones?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:
text:	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:where are you looking to grow the ivy
text:this is not related to my search	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for specific fanrelated information
text:no i want to hear inuyahsa musical soundtracks	labels:Find music from the InuYasha television series.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:would you like the instructions for electronic skeet shoot
text:no i want product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know where you can view the last supper painting
text:no i want to see a picture of the last supper painting	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you trying to fix your toilet
text:no i need to buy a new one	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:do you need anything specific in relation to counting calories you consume daily
text:no i am looking for general advice and tips	labels:Find tips and charts for counting calories while dieting.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the watch brand
text:no motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in the history of the korean language
text:yes specifically the korean writing system hangui	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you interested in dinosaur toys
text:no i am instrested in dinosaur coloring pages	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to know the news about the border wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Pink Floyd album, "The Wall"	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:
text:	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Hawain volcanos	labels:did you want to know where the hawaiian volcano observatories are located
text:no i need info about the work done at the observatories	labels:I am looking for the history of and a summary of the work performed at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatories.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:no i want to find recipes for kabobs	labels:Find kabob recipes.	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:would you want movie reviews
text:yes that would be perfect	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to watch funny penguin videos
text:no	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:how many facts do you want
text:i want to know everything we know and what questions are still open	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin
text:no i want to know how to grill it	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you interested in where the bowflex power pro is produced
text:i want to know where i can buy the bowflex power pro	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:what would you like to know about yahoo
text:im not sure	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you interested in the price of the designer dog breed
text:yes i want to buy one	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know about grilling meat
text:just fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you interested in buying or selling an mgb
text:no	labels:Find information on mini gastric bypass surgery.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you want dietary recommendations
text:no i want to know the average heartrate of a resting heart	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:
text:	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking for luna moths
text:i want information regarding moths and pest control	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for some photos
text:i am looking for any pittsburgh penguins merchandise especially hockey jerseys	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you interested in comparing university of phoenix with other universities in any specific aspect
text:yes i am looking to compare university of phoenix with its biggest competitors	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you know anything about the law
text:i want to see the homepage of the paralegal association	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:would you like to know more about satellite tv history
text:no	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:do you want to know how many employees work for the tn highway patrol
text:no i would like to know how to become a tn highway patrol	labels:What are the requirements to become a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you want to know the city where the indiana state fairgrounds are located
text:no i want to know where i can buy tickets for i ndiana state fairground events	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for treatments to forearm pain
text:i an looking for information about supports and braces to prevent forearm injury or lessen the pain	labels:Find information about supports and braces for the forearm to prevent injury or lessen pain.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to know the price to hire a dj
text:no i want to know how to become a radio dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you referring to the pastor
text:yes id like background information on rick warren	labels:I'm looking for background and biographical information on Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:which countrys civil rights movement are you interested in
text:the civil rights movement in the united states	labels:Find a timeline of the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:do you want the address
text:no i would like to know about their services	labels:What services are provided by the Sherwood Regional Library?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:are you looking for any specific photos
text:no	labels:Find photos of raised garden beds.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account
text:yes specifically more about the withdrawal limitations for a 403b	labels:What are the withdrawal limitations for a 403b retirement plan?	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where you can buy figs
text:no tell me how to grow them	labels:Find information on growing figs.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about free credit reports
text:yes	labels:How do I get my free annual credit report?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for any specific facilities
text:no tell me who operates it	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:would you like historic information
text:i would like to know which tornadoes were the deadliest in history	labels:What were the deadliest tornadoes in history?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:when do you expect to need coverage to begin
text:i dont know	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is your request related to raised garden beds
text:yes	labels:What kind of wood should be used to build a raised garden bed?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a pressure distributon design 2 feet of absorbant soil
text:maybe just show me a list of alternatives	labels:What alternatives are there for the design of a septic system?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you wanting to know what it is
text:no i want to find retailers and pricing information	labels:retailers selling electronic skeet shooting games with price information	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase
text:no	labels:Find the homepage of the Raffles hotel in Dubai.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about making chicken soup from scratch.	labels:are you looking for restaurants that are selling chicken soup from scratch
text:i just need a recipe so i can make the soup myself	labels:Find recipes for making chicken soup.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you trying to determine whats a safe amount of iron in your blood
text:no i want information about irons for clothing	labels:Find dealers in irons for clothing.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which inuyasha characters are you interested in
text:none in particular i just want to visit some sites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for a definition of ocd
text:yes i need a definition of ocd	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:
text:	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine
text:no i am interested in learning how butter and margarine are made	labels:How are butter and margarine made?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific titan
text:yes titan motorcycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:what price range of cell phones are you interested in
text:i want a free phone	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:which part of neil youngs life are you interested in
text:i an interested in his entire life so i would like a compelete biography of neil young	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to know the habitat of the bobcat
text:no i would like to find attachments for the bobcat tractor	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:when are you going to the pococnos
text:i dont know	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for hunting guides
text:no just show me the arizona fishing report page	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:how would you like to lower your heart rate
text:i would like to lower my heart rate by exercising more	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:shall i open discovery channel store homepage
text:yes and find products based on animal planet	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to know where worms come from
text:no i need information on computer worms spyware and viruses	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to see an instruction manual
text:no id like to know where i can buy one	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering the temperature of uranus
text:yes and i would like to know other information about uranus as well	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in cultivated or wild bobcats
text:no i am intetested in the bobcat company	labels:Find the homepage of the Bobcat company.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment
text:i am looking for general reviews of the book the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the book The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:would you like to see the most effective methods of gmat prep
text:no i want free sample tests	labels:I'm looking for some free sample GMAT exams to practice on.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you need to get a part of a wilson antenna
text:no i want to know what the best antenna they have for a big truck is	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:are you wondering when uranus was discovered
text:yes and i would like to know other uranus facts too	labels:Find information about the planet Uranus.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you interested in free websites or would you like your own domain
text:i want to know about free web hosting	labels:What are the cheapest web hosting companies? Who offers free web hosting?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to see how these fats effect human arteries
text:no	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:do you want a map with driving directions
text:no i need a world atlas online	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what types of ps 2 games do you like to play
text:i like all games but i need you to tell me where i can buy used ps2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what breed of dogs are you looking for
text:any type	labels:Take me to the homepage of the Humane Society.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you curious about the employment opportunies at the tennesse highway patrol
text:no i would like to rate my interaction with the tennessee highway patrol	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know about the alien versus predator movie
text:no id like information about avon the company	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you want to see the store catalogue
text:yes	labels:Find Discovery Channel store products based on the Animal Planet program.	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in the quote from shakespeare or the quote used in another context
text:i want all quotes from shakespeares plays	labels:Find famous quotes from Shakespeare's plays.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to purchase a weather stripping product
text:no i need to know how to weather strip vehicle windows and doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:how did you file your previous year taxes
text:on paper	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know what pvc is made of
text:yes	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family
text:i want to request an appointment at the mayo clinic in jacksonville florida	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for arkansas history
text:no what is little rock like	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you interested in korean language degrees
text:no just the common phrases	labels:What are some common Korean phrases?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for books on the korean language
text:yes specifically the history of hangul	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to purchase tickets to view the painting in milan
text:yes	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a cough as well
text:i dont know	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you looking to purchase or repair a unit
text:no i want to find an owners manual	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:
text:	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you need to know how to measure a toilet for installation
text:no i need to know about companies that manufacture residential toilets	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:
text:	labels:What is a good way to begin collecting old coins?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:what type of fibromyalgia statistics are you looking for
text:i am looking for fibromyalgia support groups	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:is this in reference to flowers or vegetables
text:i dont know the answer	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for deals and offers related to french lick resort
text:no im looking for a list of jobs available at the french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado disasters
text:yes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:no	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in a specific titan
text:i need the website related to titan brand watches	labels:Find the homepage for Titan watches.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in where penguins live
text:no i would like to see pictures from the animated move madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like to learn about the unc campuses
text:no i am interested in the specific location for uncs hospital	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:what is the doctors name at this facility that you want
text:i dont need a doctors name	labels:Find information about the Alexian Brothers lay Catholic order.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:do you need a map
text:yes and highlight hotels nearby	labels:What hotels are near the Orange County Convention Center?	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like to know where frank lloyd wright did most of his work
text:yes	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:what type of craft are you using the pvc for
text:i want information about premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the script for the music man
text:no i want the song lyrics for the music man	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know the most famous person from arkansas
text:no i want to see a map of arkansas	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:do you want the address
text:no id like to find special offers for disney land	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in visiting barbados
text:no i am not inrerested in visiting barbados	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know the term length of a us president
text:no i want to see the homepage for the president of the united states	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you want to know the history
text:no i am looking for photos from season nine of the television show survivor	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what are in interested in about va dmv registration
text:finding general information	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for reviews of djs
text:no i want to know how to become one	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:are you interested in the farm fresh tours
text:i am looking for information for tourists about ducthess county ny	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:which unc campus are you most interested in
text:i dont know	labels:What campuses are part of the University of North Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the current performance of the music man
text:no im looking for the music man song lyrics	labels:Find lyrics for songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for a Kohler wall-hung toilet. Where can I buy one?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:would you like a schedule of poker tournaments
text:no i am interested in the current schedule of las vegas poker tournaments	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the watch brand
text:no im referring to the nissan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:
text:	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:would you want to know about ron howards acting career
text:yes specifically his television career	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects blood pressure and cholesterol
text:no i am looking for information on how to lower my heart rate	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you wanting to join a diabetes education gtoup
text:no	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:are you interesting in buying furniture
text:no i am interested in the scale of furniture in small spaces not buying furniture	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:do you want to recycle used car parts
text:no i want to know where i can buy used napa car parts online	labels:I want to find online sources for NAPA parts.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:have you talked to your doctor about heart rate
text:no i have not	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know what a designer dog breed is
text:no i want to see designer puppies for sale	labels:Find puppies of designer dog breeds for sale.	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:do you want to know how old it is estimated to be
text:yes and some other general information about the planet	labels:Find information on Uranus suitable for elementary-to-middle school students, such as lesson content or interactive sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to buy semi truck
text:yes i would like to buy a new or used volvo semi truck	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to place an order
text:not yet i need to know exactly what type of surface treatments products they sell	labels:What type of surface treatment products does Jax Chemical Company manufacture?	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:are you looking for things to do around that area
text:yes i need a schedule	labels:Find a schedule of events taking place at the Orange County Convention Center.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to find films that ron howard directed
text:no i want general biographical information	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show
text:yes i am thank you	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you need to find a doctor that treats fibromyalgia
text:i want to know what the symptoms are	labels:What are the primary symptoms or signs of fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking for luna moths
text:no i am wondering what moths and butterflies eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you interested in knowing more about a computer worm
text:yes give me this information	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing where the tennesse high patrol check points
text:no their home page	labels:home page of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:what companies have the lowestcost internet service
text:i dont know	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system
text:yes i want to see the gs pay tables	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in the evolution of bobcats
text:no im interested in selling or renting bobcat tractors and equipment	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:would you like to see a picture of the painting
text:no	labels:Are tickets available online to view da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan, Italy?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:no i only need to know the design of the barbados flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:do you want to adopt from a shelter or an individual owner
text:a shelter or an organization	labels:Find organizations that offer dogs for adoption.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:
text:	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:do you want to know about specific key people
text:i want to know about the general history	labels:What is the history of the Little Rock nine?	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:
text:	labels:Find a site where I can fill out my Federal income tax return online.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to find out the rating of the beatles rock band game
text:no i want to know the memblers of the actual band	labels:What are the names of the members of the Beatles?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for diet information
text:yes for diets diabetics	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to know more about kagome higurashi
text:i am interested in online or game system games based on the inuyasha series	labels:Find games based on the InuYasha series, either online or for game systems.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:do you want to know how much dark chocolate you swould have for a day
text:im interested in the health benefits	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:yes i am looking for the homepage for supporters of us border patrol in texas	labels:Find the homepage for supporters of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:what would you like to schedule for saturday
text:nothing i need the homepage of the college board authors of the sat	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to see if your employer offers 403b resources
text:no i want to know about plan eligibility	labels:Who is eligible for a 403b plan?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:would you like to book a flight to pocono couples retreat
text:no i would like to find about more information about the pocono raceway	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you want to know how old rick warren is
text:no i would like to go to his homepage	labels:I'm looking for the homepage for Rick Warren's book, "The Purpose Driven Life".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know more about the mayo clinic facilities and services
text:yes tell me the ratings mayo clinic facilities and services	labels:Find the contact information for the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to contribute to the gofundme campaign to fund the wall
text:no	labels:Find information about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know about companies that provide indexed annuities
text:yes	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in types of pvc pipe
text:no i want to know what it is made of	labels:What is the material PVC?	episode_done:True
text:What are characteristics of Uranus	labels:
text:	labels:What do we know about Uranus, versus what open questions are there about the planet?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you interested in learning more about mythological titans
text:no the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to purchase streaming services
text:yes i am interested in the price	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how internet phone service works
text:no find the best internet phone service	labels:What is the best internet phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to know maore about getting the best used car parts
text:no i just wont to go to carpartcom	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to find online tv streaming services
text:yes and the steps for watching tv on the computer	labels:Get technical help for watching TV programs on the computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:do you wish to know the climate of vanuatu
text:no i want to know more about a person named vanuatu	labels:Find photos from the "Survivor 9, Vanuatu" TV reality series.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you need to contact yahoo
text:no i want to go to yahoo finance	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like the history of indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to know where i can buy tickets to indiana state fairground events	labels:Where can I buy tickets for Indiana State Fairgrounds events?	episode_done:True
text:Find me reviews of the les Miserables.	labels:do you want good reviews or bad reviews
text:both reviews	labels:Find movie reviews of the film "Les Miserables".	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:no just advice	labels:Find "reasonable" dieting advice, that is not fads or medications but reasonable methods for weight loss.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:is there a specific brand that you would like to know more about
text:yes i am terested in the bowflex elliptical trainers	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do you want to know about built in keyboards
text:i want to know which keyboards are the top for gamers	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:no i want to know if dialup is still offered	labels:Do any internet providers still sell dial-up?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in a certain inuyasha character
text:no just fan forums and websites for the show in general	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:are you looking for the nearest store you can buy hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for technical specifications	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:would you like to book a flight
text:no	labels:Find the website at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) that offers air travel tips.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for different kinds of djs
text:no information on becoming a radio disc jockey	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like to book a new york hotel
text:no	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:will this be used as a animal pen
text:no	labels:Find information about building a wooden fence.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:which atari game are you interested in
text:i am interested in general information on classic atari games	labels:Find information about classic Atari games.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:no i want to find cheap internet providers who also offer bundled cable services	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:can i tell you about the north american plate that moves causing the eventual destruction of the volcano in yellowstone park
text:no please tell me about the likeliehood and effects of an eruption	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:would you like to see local spca or humane societies
text:yes	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:do you want to know how much an indexed annuity would cost
text:no i want to know where i can buy an indexed annuity	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for the definition to lipoma
text:no i want pictures of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you looking for luna moths
text:images for luna moths and other moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how internet phone service works
text:no i want to know the prices	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes im looking for beatthegmat	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:would you like to know the age should to start buying best long term care insurance
text:listing of ratings and best long term care insurances	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:would you like to see notable residents of bellevue washington
text:no take me to the bellevue university homepage	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue University.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to know the current rate
text:no	labels:What is the definition of tangible personal property for tax purposes?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in aj raffles
text:no i would like the homepage of raffles hotel in singapore	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha wiki activity
text:no i want to download episodes	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to buy a book about this topic
text:i dont know	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:
text:	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like the latest news of barbados
text:no im looking for history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:do you want to know how to make ballet bars out of pvc
text:no	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:do you want to see the nearest rock and gem shows
text:yes	labels:information on clubs that host rock and gem shows	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for some sample tests
text:i dont know	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:yes how to indentify ocd in children	labels:Find information about OCD in children and how to identify it.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro
text:no i want reviews on the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in visiting a secret garden
text:no	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance
text:im looking for general information regarding the iowa food stamps program	labels:Find general information about Iowa's food stamps program.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:
text:	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:yes	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you wnat sports scores
text:no i am looking for general information on nascar races	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you like to know more about writing thank you notes for an interview
text:no i would like to know how to end a conversation when the interview comes to an end	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you keeping people out or animals in
text:both	labels:What materials are best for building fences?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:would you like to know how to watch tv on your computer
text:yes what technical steps are involved	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:do you want to know the news about the border wall
text:no	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:
text:	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you want to buy raised garden supplies
text:i want to know how to build one from scratch	labels:Find plans for building a raised garden bed.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:how experienced are you at sewing
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to malignant lipolysis
text:i am not sure if they are the same	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:how far back do you want to learn about black history
text:actually id like to know a list of popular africian american inventors	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you wondering who speaks the korean language
text:no i need information on learning and teaching the language	labels:Find resources on learning and teaching Korean.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the music man
text:no i am looking for the script for the music man not reviews	labels:I'm looking for the script for The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:i will survive lyrics	labels:are you referring to the song i will survive
text:yes i want to know the words to i will survive	labels:Find the lyrics to the song "I Will Survive".	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in interview thank you letters
text:yes finding examples would be a good start	labels:Find examples of thank-you letters for sending after an interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you looking for sewing patterns
text:i am looking for instructions on how to use a sewing machine	labels:Find instructions for using a sewing machine.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew on a button
text:yes and i would like general instructions on how to sew	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:are you on a road trip
text:thats irrelevant but i need sources for satellite maps and live photos	labels:I want to find sources for satellite maps and live satellite photos.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:are you looking for any specific faculty member of university of phoenix
text:no i am looking for information about programs offered by the university	labels:What online programs are offered by the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to make a rub for pork tenderloin
text:yes but i need to find a recipe	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:
text:	labels:How many hip fractures occur annually in the US?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for doctors that treat forearm pain
text:no i am looking for exercises to treat it	labels:What are some exercises recommended for forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want more information about the sandy actors theater
text:that isnt related to what i asked	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you referring to a gas grill
text:i want information on gas barbecue grills	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on hurricane Irene flooding in manville nj	labels:are you seeking random facts about manville nj during hurricane irene
text:yes but manville specifically	labels:How has the flooding that resulted from hurricane Irene affected Manville, NJ?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about furniture for small spaces.	labels:do you want to sell furniture
text:no i want information on furniture size for small spaces	labels:How important is the scale of furniture in small spaces?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you looking for raffle tickets in your area to purchase
text:no thats not what i want	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know more about jobs in connecticut
text:no i want to find information to file an unemployment claim in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website
text:no i need resources and jobseeking info	labels:Find career resources and information on job seeking in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:do you have a fever
text:i want to know the causes of a sore throat	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for septic system design software
text:no i am looking for maintenance information	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:are you looking for someone to design a site for you or a site that allows you to do it yourself
text:i want to compare the services of various web hosting platforms	labels:Find reviews of web hosting services, geared towards small business needs.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:do you need treatment information for lipoma
text:no i want to see pictures of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:is there any specific web page on your mind
text:i want to find the website for filing unemployment in connecticut	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to know about reviews on the bowflex power pro
text:yes i do	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know how to display your computer on a tv
text:no i want to know about the cost of watching tv programs online	labels:How much does it cost to get TV programs online?	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:would you like a list of withdrawn candidates
text:no please tell me what the 2008 us electoral college results were	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:would you like to see their homepage
text:no i only need their contact information	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:I need information on income tax return online	labels:how did you file your previous year taxes
text:i dont know	labels:Where can I find information online about filing my income taxes?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for a company which provides internet services
text:no i am looking for back ground information	labels:Find background information about man-made satellites.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for any specific device equipped with gps
text:i am looking for cameras with gps and i would like some reviews please	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:
text:	labels:What different kinds of toilets exist, and how do they differ?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:
text:	labels:What are the duties of a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier
text:no any carrier will do but the phone has to be free	labels:What free phones are available from different vendors?	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:what area of your home would you like to organize
text:i dont have a specific area i jusst want tips on reducing clutter and organizing time	labels:Find tips on getting organized, both reducing clutter and managing time.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to know which events are being held there	labels:What events are held at the Indiana State Fairgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:do you want information on treatments for fibromyalgia
text:no i want to find support groups for fibromyalgia	labels:What support groups are there for fybromyalgia suffers?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the cast of the music man
text:i want to know the performances	labels:Find current performances of The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:do you want guidelines on how to ace an inteview
text:no	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:did you need the nutritional value for dark chocolate
text:yes that would be helpful	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for nearby classes
text:no i am looking for something to help translate korean	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in classic atari games or current atari games
text:i am interested in the history of atari 2600 and other atari consoles	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you interested in tornado safety
text:no i am interested in where tornadoes occur and what causes them	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like a recommendation on nearby doctors who check cholesteral levels
text:no	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:map	labels:would you like a map with services or sites of interest listed
text:maybe just show me an online world atlas with general features for now	labels:I'm looking for an online world atlas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see arizona hunting trip information
text:no im not interested on arizonas hunting trip	labels:I'm looking for the Arizona Fishing Report site.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:would you like to know how to get your vldl levels tested
text:no just tell me the difference between ldl hdl and vldl	labels:What is the difference between LDL, HDL, and VLDL?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you want to know how old rick warren is
text:no	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:
text:	labels:Find Discovery Channel store locations.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want to know why leonardo davinci painted the last supper painting
text:only if thats one of the significance	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:are you interested in information about the difference between vldl and hdl levels
text:i want to know what vldl levels are considered good and what levels are considered bad	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:what specific dnr are you referring to
text:do not resuscitate	labels:What are "do not resuscitate" orders and how do you get one in place?	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:
text:	labels:Find biographical information about Sir Stamford Raffles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:do you want a list of dinosaur names
text:no i want to go to the discovery channels dinosaur site	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:no they have to be in las vegas	labels:I'm looking for a schedule of poker tournaments in Las Vegas.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:what other features are you looking for in a condo
text:they should be beachfront condos	labels:Find beachfront condos for sale in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:do you want to compare different models
text:i just need information	labels:information about Kenmore gas water heaters: specifically, features, energy consumption and safety thereof	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:no i already know that	labels:Go to the homepage for the AVP, sponsor of professional beach volleyball events.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on VLDL levels	labels:do you want to learn how to calculate your vldl levels
text:no	labels:What are good and bad levels of VLDL in a cholesterol test?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for parts for the mgb
text:no i have a less specific query than that regarding the mgb	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:would you like information on the university of north carolina unc
text:yes	labels:Find reports of University of North Carolina Chapel Hill athletics.	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:are you interested in the the nutritional value of butter and margarine
text:i would like to know the nutritional value of butter and margarine	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:are you looking for a list of the top designer dog breeds
text:yes	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:what kind of information are you looking for news or research on the dangers of asbestos
text:yes i would like to know the mortality rates of asbestos exposure	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about fybromyalgia	labels:is there something you need to know about this condition
text:yes what medicine do i need for fibromaylgia	labels:What medicines can be used to treat fybromyalgia?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you referring to flushing new york
text:yes	labels:Find information about Flushing, a neighborhood in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:are you looking for any specific information in relation to beach volleyball
text:no i would like to know all tournaments and events sponsored by avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know why its important to lower your heart rate
text:no i need to know how i can lower my heart rate	labels:How can I lower my heart rate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:would you like to buy the dvd of er tv show
text:no i want the music that was on it	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:do you need to know what to do in case there is a tornado
text:no i want to know about the causes and frequent locations of tornadoes	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you looking for who invented the first instruments
text:no i want a more comprehensive history	labels:Find a history of classical music.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:are you looking for netflix
text:yes and another options	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about sonoma county medical services.	labels:is there a specific program you are looking for
text:no i want to know about the services they provide	labels:What medical services are available in Sonoma County, California?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know awards er has won
text:no i want to watch episodes of the show	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you upset by the quality of your internet service
text:no i just want providers that bundle cable and internet	labels:Who can provide inexpensive digital cable television bundled with internet service?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:do you want a book about the last supper painting
text:no	labels:Find a picture of the Last Supper painting by Leonardo da Vinci.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:would you like to see penguins of madagascar
text:no i would like to pictures of penquins in the movie madagascar	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:what year of volvo do you need information about
text:i just need the companys home page	labels:I'm looking for Volvo's homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you interested in downloading the album the wall
text:yes id like to buy it	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:do you need directions to the indiana state fairgrounds
text:no i want to see a map of the fairgrounds complex itself	labels:Find a map for the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to compare different ron howard movies
text:i need biographical information on ron howard	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no i need tips to get good scores on the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:do you want to know 403b contribution limits in 2018
text:no the difference between 401k and 403b plans	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:are you searching for required documentation for vehicle registration
text:no i just need to know the address and hours for the dmv	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to know where you can buy a discounted or used elliptical trainer
text:no i am interested in the finding out which are the best home elliptical trainers	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on Kansas city railroad	labels:are you referring to knowledge centered support
text:no i would like to know where to find information on the kcs energy merger with petrohawk engery corporation	labels:Find information on KCS Energy, Inc., and their merger with Petrohawk Energy Corporation.	episode_done:True
text:Let's see frank lloyd wright biography	labels:would you like to see a list of frank lloyd wrights most notable works
text:give me some information about his life and works	labels:Find biographical information for Frank Lloyd Wright.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:which part of connecticut are you interested in
text:i dont know	labels:Find sites for finding a job in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:are you looking for the us civil servant pay scale
text:i am looking for the pay tables for the general schedule	labels:Find the General Schedule pay tables.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:do you want to find related artists
text:no i want information about the biography of neil young	labels:Find biographical information about Neil Young.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you wondering how other people have quit smoking
text:yes specifically the cold turkey method	labels:Can you quit smoking using the cold turkey method?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to see pork tenderloin recipes
text:no i am looking for how to grill a pork tenderloin not recipes	labels:How do I grill a pork tenderloin on a gas grill?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Obama family tree.	labels:are you looking for biological information on his family
text:yes i am specifically looking for biographical information about his morther	labels:Find biographical information on Barack Obama's mother.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden
text:no i would like biographical information on the author	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no find the information from reputable websites	labels:Suggest tourist activities in Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to a medical condition for your pet
text:no for a human	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:have you been to the poconos before
text:i dont know	labels:Find general information on tourist activities in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:is your volvo having a maintenance issue
text:it doesnt matter i want to buy a volvo semi truck	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking for the computer part
text:no i am looking for information regarding saturns moon titan	labels:Find information about Saturn's moon, Titan.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:are you wanting a copy of your credit report
text:no i just want to know how a credit score is determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in civil right movement	labels:would you like to know when the civil rights movement began
text:no	labels:What was Martin Luther King Jr's contribution to the US Civil Rights Movement?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:should i search nearby stores for discounts on a toilet
text:no i would like to look for american standard parts for sale	labels:Where can I buy parts for American Standard toilets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:no information about bellevue wa	labels:Find information about Bellevue, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in the history of atari
text:yes	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:are you looking for the current president of the united states
text:no i want a list of all the past presidents of the us	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you experiencing joint issues
text:no i am interested on information about joints in the human body	labels:Find information about joints in the human body.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design
text:no i would like free dns hosting sites	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:the history of flame design
text:no i am looking for free flame design clipart that i can use	labels:Find free flame design clipart I can use on a website.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:what area of the country do you live in
text:i live in texas	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:do you have high blood pressure
text:i am interested in relationship between higher heart rate and its effect on high blood pressure and cholesterol	labels:Is a higher heart rate related to high blood pressure or cholesterol?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:is there any specific information about the river that would interest you
text:no	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:are you looking for information of a trainer vs a treadmill
text:no am looking reviews on elliptical machines	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you referring to flushing new york
text:no	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to learn about our president
text:yes i do please give me information about him	labels:Find information about the current President of the United States, Barack Obama.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to know if your company adheres to equal opportunity employment
text:no i want a definition of equal opportunity employer	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know about things to see and do in kansas city mo
text:history and current status of the kansas city chiefs	labels:Find the Kansas City Chiefs homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat
text:yes id like to know how i can cure a sore throat at home	labels:Find home remedies for a sore throat.	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:
text:	labels:How much does long term insurance cost?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I find information on buying unlocked phones?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for information on a specific league
text:yes i am looking for ncaa football and basketball scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design
text:no i want to see some flame design stencils	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:what degree in particular would you like to know more about from the american military unviersity
text:i need to know the registration requirements	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:would you like to know about premature ventricular contractions medical treatments
text:yes	labels:How are premature ventricular contractions treated?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what country volvo is located
text:no	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you looking for some photos
text:yes images of the animated movie would be helpful	labels:Find pictures of the penguins from the animated movie, "Madagascar".	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:are you interested in finding out the rates for indexed annutiies
text:no i need to know what an indexed annuity is	labels:What is an indexed annuity? What are their advantages and disadvantages? What kinds of indexed annuities are there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:do you want to know the history of afganistan
text:yes i am looking for information on afganistans history	labels:Find information about Afghanistan's history, government, religion, and culture.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like directions to flushing new york
text:no i am asking for what is the explanation of blushing and why people do it	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like stock information for avon products incorporated
text:no i would like reviews of avp antivirus software	labels:Find reviews of AVP antivirus software and comparisons to other products.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:do you want to know about the tennessee titans
text:no the nissan titan truck	labels:Find information on the Nissan Titan truck.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:would you like to know about where to purchase a wilson antenna
text:no i would like you to open the website of wilson antenna	labels:Go to the Wilson Antenna homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What is Madagascar known for?	labels:would you like to know what animals are native to madagascar
text:yes	labels:What is Madagascar known for?	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:are you interested in spider bite symptoms
text:no i want to know how to identify their bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do in sherwood regional library	labels:
text:	labels:driving directions to the Sherwood Regional library	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how fast would you like to lose weight
text:no i need general information about diet and exercise	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for casinos near french lick resort
text:no i am looking for jobs at french lick casino and resort	labels:What jobs are available at French Lick Casino and Resort?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like to see reviews on elliptical trainers
text:yes please give me some reviews	labels:I'm looking for reviews of elliptical machines.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know about david thompson
text:no i need to find a map of barbados	labels:Find a map of Barbados.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:do you want to know the price to hire a dj
text:no i want to know about dj job avalibility	labels:What jobs are available for disc jockeys?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:what would you like to know about yahoo
text:nothing i just want to log in to my yahoo account	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:what would you like to do in the poconos
text:i would like information about split rock resort	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want to know information about the patrol
text:yes i want to learn about the border patrols mission in texas	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:do you want to know more about ron howards directing career
text:i dont know	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about the Last Supper painting.	labels:what is your purpose for searching for the last supper painting
text:to find out what da vinci thought of it	labels:What is the significance of da Vinci's interpretation of the Last Supper in Catholicism?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about designer dog breeds.	labels:do you want to know unusual designer dog breeds
text:yes i want to know unusual designer dog breeds	labels:What breeds of small or toy dog hybrids are there?	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you want to know how to get to arkansas
text:no i want info about little rock arkansas	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you looking for dieting that involves no medications
text:yes and i am looking for other dieting methods	labels:Find recommendations for dieting and exercising.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about lymphoma in dogs	labels:which state of lymphoma in dogs are you referring to
text:i dont know	labels:What are the risk factors or causes of lymphoma in dogs?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:would you like to know where to buy weather strips
text:no i want to know how to install weather stripping on garage doors	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:how many ps 2 games are you looking to buy
text:no i am looking for online reviews on ps 2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:do you need repair information
text:yes as it relates to the purchase of parts	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:are you looking for information about upcoming rock and gem shows
text:yes ones that have lapidary classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know how to treat the injury
text:yes and also recovery prognosis	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you referring to shakespear
text:yes from hamlet	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about evidence for evolution	labels:are you interested in the history of theories of evolution
text:no i would like the current scientific theories	labels:What are the current scientific theories of and data on evolution?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:what kind of trade are you looking for
text:i am looking for a list of connecticuts most common trades	labels:What kinds of jobs are most common in the state of Connecticut?	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:what would you like to know about the dog heat season
text:yes	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:what is the best long term care insurance	labels:are you interested in more information on the best long term care insurance
text:no im looking for companies that offer long term care insurance policies	labels:What companies offer long term care insurance policies?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you looking for history of the satellite radio systems
text:no	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:do you need the history of the mgb
text:i need information on the mgb sports car	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what size are you looking for
text:i do not know the size i need to know where get owners manual for kenmore gas water heaters	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:are you looking for things to do near culpeper national cemetery
text:no i am interested in where culpeper national cemetery is located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you suffering pain in one of your joints
text:no i want information about joints used in woodworking	labels:Find an explanation of the different types of joints used in woodworking.	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:is there a certain type of dj you are looking for
text:yes i which to hire a dj for a wedding	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:what type of toilet are you looking for
text:this is not related to my search	labels:How do I fix a toilet that isn't working properly?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig
text:no i want to know what time and temperature shoull be used to roast a pork tenderloin	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:is this in reference to plumbing or some other sort of plastic product
text:yes regular pvc	labels:Find information about PVC pipes and fittings.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to know who should take the test
text:i want to know how it is taken	labels:How is this test used in physical rehabilitation treatment?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for directions to bellevue
text:i dont know for certain	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for gas grill instruction
text:no i want tips to help me grill fish	labels:Find tips on grilling fish.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:
text:	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you want to know how many continental plates there are
text:more precisely i would like maps of their locations	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:would you like to see a list of new released ps2 games
text:no i want to know where i can buy used playstation 2 games	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know how yahoo is performing as a business
text:no i want yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know to to mend a shirt
text:not necessarily just different downloadable patterns	labels:Find downloadable sewing patterns.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:no i am referring to satellite telephone companies	labels:Find information about satellite telephones.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:would you like to know the zip code of kansas city mo
text:no	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy used PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area
text:none i am looking for infomation on the pocono raceway in pennsylvania	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados
text:no i would like the barbados underground homepage	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:what would you like to know about electronic skeet shoot
text:i would like to be able to read some skeet shooting game reviews	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:tell me about symptoms of mad cow disease in humans	labels:did you want to know how to treat mad cow disease
text:yes i want to find information about it	labels:Find information about mad cow disease symptoms in humans.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for a list of all (or many of) the different kinds of dinosaurs, with pictures.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:are you referring to a crazy person
text:no i am talking about the email service	labels:I want to log in to my Yahoo! account.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:do you want to know how to treat the injury
text:yes and other information on hip fractures in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in gardening
text:no	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:are you interested in learning more about tuition costs for the american military university
text:no	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about blushing
text:yes i would like to know what is blushing	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to see cookbooks for grilling
text:direct me to relevant websites please	labels:Find the Grilling Magazine website.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you need maps for arizona hunting and fishing
text:i dont need maps i need clothing for hunting trips in arizona	labels:I'd like to find guides and outfitters for hunting trips in Arizona.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:are you looking for gps accessories
text:no i am looking for reviews of digital cameras with gps built in	labels:Find reviews of digital cameras with built-in GPS.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:would you like to know the rules of the wall game show
text:no	labels:Find information about the movie "Pink Floyd The Wall".	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rock and gem shows	labels:what would you like to know about rock and gem shows
text:where they are and if they offer classes	labels:rock and gem shows that offer lapidary classes	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking for a list of foods that are a good source of iron
text:yes can you please give me a list of foods containing iron	labels:What foods contain iron?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:what types of ps 2 games do you like to play
text:role playing	labels:Where can I find cheat codes for PlayStation 2 games?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:did you want to know the amount of tourism dutchess county gets
text:no i am looking for tourist attractions in dutchess county new york	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:are you looking for withdrawal rules for 403b plan
text:im not sure	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:do you have any plant allergies
text:this is not related to my search	labels:information on vines that can be grown in shady areas	episode_done:True
text:I’m interested in old coins	labels:do you want to sell old coins
text:no i am looking for resource about antique us silver dollars	labels:I'm looking for information about old US silver dollars.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:what type of problem are you having with the hp mini 2140
text:i am not having a problem i want the technical specifications of the hp mini 2140 notebook computer	labels:technical specifications of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the wall	labels:are you referring to the nbc television show
text:no pink floyds album by the same name	labels:Where can I buy Pink Floyd's album, "The Wall"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:
text:	labels:What luxury hotels are in New York city?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are looking for reviews on volvo xc90 suv
text:no i want to know where i can get volvo parts online	labels:Find an online source for Volvo parts.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you interested in the medical term dnr
text:no i want to know the regulations related to deer hunting by maryland department of natural resources	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what do you want to use the antenna for
text:i need one for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:are you looking for standings of a specific sport
text:yes fantasy football leagues	labels:I'm looking for information on fantasy football leagues.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:which continental plates are you interested in
text:im not sure	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about rice?	labels:what type of rice dish are you looking for
text:fried rice or rice pudding	labels:Find recipes for rice, for example fried rice or rice pudding.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:are you wondering if there has been a recall notice
text:no i would like reviews on the bowflex power pro	labels:Find reviews of the Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:are you interested in who is the ceo
text:no i want reviews about the volvo xc90 suv	labels:Find reviews of the Volvo XC90 SUV.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:do you need information on employment opportunities
text:yes i would like to know what is available and if i need a specific degree to work pnl	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:are you looking for causes of forearm pain
text:no i need information specifically on tendinitis	labels:Find information about tendinitis in the forearms.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you looking for craft ideas for kids on earth day
text:yes these would be a good start	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do yo want to know about keyboards internationally
text:no i need reviews on electronic keyboards and digital pianos	labels:Find reviews of electronic keyboards and digital pianos.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you want to see the store catalogue
text:no i just want the front page of discovery channel	labels:Find the Discovery Channel store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:do you want to buy some parts for this equipment
text:yes i do	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like to know more about throat cancer
text:no not throat cancer i want to know about the cause of sore throats	labels:What causes a sore throat?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you interested in what draws a moth to flame
text:no	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no i need a dictionary	labels:Find a Korean/English bilingual dictionary.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking to purchase an mgb
text:i already own one	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:
text:	labels:I'm looking for baseball scores and information on upcoming live broadcast games.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:in what country is the secret garden located
text:no idea	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking to move here
text:no i want to find the homepage of the porterville recorder newspaper	labels:Find the homepage of the Porterville Recorder newspaper.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like us to show you where to buy figs and other fresh fruit locally
text:no i would like the nutritional information for figs	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you searching for the information in regard to lipoma symptoms
text:no i want to know what animals can have it	labels:Which animals are known to present lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:no	labels:Find pages or sites that describe the anatomy of the forearm.	episode_done:True
text:Child support in Indiana?	labels:would you like details on how to pay child support
text:i would like general information on legal rules and procedures of child support in indiana	labels:Find the official legal rules and procedures pertaining to child support in Indiana.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:i am looking for which companies offer gmat prep classes in general	labels:Who are some companies that offer GMAT prep classes?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you wondering how to spot a tornado
text:yes along with where they happen and how they are formed	labels:Find information about tornadoes, what causes them, and where they occur.	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you want to know the cost of attending the university of phoenix
text:no i want to know who the competitors of this university are	labels:Who are the main online competitors of the University of Phoenix?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bowflex Power Pro.	labels:would you like to know the history of the bowflex power pro
text:i want to know where i can buy one	labels:Find a retailer from whom I can buy a Bowflex Power Pro.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for more information about mgb
text:no i am looking for sits on mgb car owners and enthusiasts not more information about it	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you trying to find online reviews of mgb
text:yes and other information on the mgb sports car	labels:Find information about the MGB sports car.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what are your requirments
text:designing websites	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you referring to lipomassage
text:i dont know	labels:What age group most often exhibits lipomas?	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you wondering where disneyland hotels are located
text:i am not rather i am looking for disneyland hotel reviews	labels:Find reviews of Disneyland hotels.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you looking for any specific pictures
text:if they are included in websites and forums i would like them	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:would you like to know where fickle creek farm is on a map
text:no i would like information about staying at the bed and breakfast at fickle creek farm	labels:Find information about staying at the bed and breakfast at Fickle Creek Farm.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:would you like to know what causes lipoma tumors
text:no i want to see pictures of lipoma tumors	labels:Find pictures of lipoma tumors.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about diabetes education	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:whatever site that will provide me nutrition and diet information for diabetics	labels:I'm looking for nutrition and diet information for diabetics.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for engineers in such field
text:no i am interested in learning about the maintenance information	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading more about the health benefits of dieting
text:no i would like to read more about lowcarbohydrate diets	labels:Find information on low-carbohydrate diets.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company
text:i am interested in the animal	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to know how long to cook pork tenderloin
text:and the temperature	labels:What time and temperature should be used to roast a pork tenderloin?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:are you interested in price comparison of packages
text:no i need it for free	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you interested in selling or buying a trombone on amazon
text:i am looking for a place to sell a used trambone	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for the current performance of the music man
text:yes and all other recorded songs form the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in ron howards personal life
text:no	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:do you want information about the arizona game and fish department
text:yes specifically about their regulations	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you asking about the dangers of asbestos siding
text:no i want stats on the mortality rates of being exposed to asbestos	labels:Find mortality rates due to asbestos exposure.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information about PVC	labels:are you interested in a certain fitting for a pvc pipe
text:no i am interested in getting information of premature ventricular contractions	labels:Find information about premature ventricular contractions.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:what time are you wanting to visit this clinic
text:id like a morning appointment	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to request an appointment
text:no just information for outpatients	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:would you like to take some courses on web design
text:i am not sure	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for requirements to become a food assistance
text:no	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:would you like to know what avp stands for
text:i know what it stands for i need information about it	labels:Find information about the Avon Products (AVP) company.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about South Africa	labels:would you like the history of south africa
text:yes i am interested in pages that give the history of south africa	labels:Find pages that give the history of South Africa.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know what channel espn is
text:no	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about idaho state flower	labels:do you want to know how to take care of it
text:i want to know the state flower of idaho	labels:Find "fun facts" about Idaho: state flower, tree, bird, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to see more early africanamerican entrepeneurs
text:no just of madam c j walker	labels:Find historical information about Madam C. J. Walker.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:would you like to know where barbados is
text:i want to know the history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a hotel i singapore
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:is there a specific state that you would like the results
text:no i would like to know nationwide results	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much data do you need stored
text:not sure	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know when espn started
text:no i need to get college game scores	labels:I'm looking for college football and basketball scores.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want realistic or cartoonish designs
text:realistic primarily flame design decals	labels:I want to find flame design decals I can put on my car or motorcycle.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in electronic keyboard reviews
text:yes	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:Looking for information about the Orange County Convention Center	labels:
text:	labels:How do I reserve the Orange County Convention Center for an event?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:
text:	labels:Find information about the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about source of the nile	labels:would you like to know what the nile is composed of
text:no	labels:how to play the board game "Source of the Nile"	episode_done:True
text:tell me about tangible personal property tax	labels:would you like to know the current rate
text:i would like to know which states levy tax on tangible personal property	labels:What states levy a tax against tangible personal property?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:would you like to know the phone number of mayo clinic jacksonville fl
text:no i want to make an appointment	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know technical information about tv on computer
text:yes how to watch television on my computer	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:would you like to know more about writing interview thank you letters
text:no i need to know how to end one on a positive note	labels:How can I best end a job interview positively?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for djs in your area
text:i am looking for djs that do weddings	labels:I want to hire a DJ for a wedding.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you looking to find out unique middle names that presidents have had
text:no i want a complete list of all of the full names of the presidents of the united states of america	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you really reffering to mothra
text:images of all moth eggs	labels:What do moth eggs look like?	episode_done:True
text:How can I lower my heart rate?	labels:would you like to know what effects hart beat rate
text:no i want to know the normal resting heart rate of a person	labels:What is a normal heart rate when a person is resting?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:are you looking for a place which sales products from fickle creek farm
text:no i want the physical address of fickle creek farm	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:What is a 403b?	labels:would you like to know more about a 403b retirement account
text:i want to know how they are different from 401k plans	labels:What is the difference between 401k and 403b retirement plans?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:which holiday season are you interested in
text:i am not interested in a holiday season	labels:Find historical information about the USS Yorktown aircraft carriers used during World War 2.	episode_done:True
text:What is martha stewart and imclone?	labels:are you looking for specific information about martha stewart and imcones age
text:no i want to know about her involvement with imclone	labels:looking for information on Martha Stewart's involvement with ImClone	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in facts about barbados
text:yes specifically on the prime minister david thompson	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about avp	labels:do you want to know how male vs female avps in a company
text:no i want to know about the beach volleyball events sponsored by the company avp	labels:Find information about pro beach volleyball tournaments and events sponsored by AVP.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about dnr	labels:are you referring to the company or the term do not resuscitate
text:neither what are the regulations for deer hunting according to the maryland department of natural resources	labels:What are the Maryland Department of Natural Resources' regulations for deer hunting?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:are you interested in learning how to play poker
text:no i am interested in finding texas holdem tournaments	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need any specific information for controlling moths
text:i do specifically how to control them in my home	labels:How do I control clothes moths in my home?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in american bobcats
text:yes please tell me more	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:do you want a list of their songs
text:no i want to know the actual album names	labels:What albums did the Beatles release?	episode_done:True
text:how to build a fence?	labels:are you trying to build a specific kind of fence
text:yes i am trying to build a chainlink fence	labels:Find information about building chain-link fences.	episode_done:True
text:How is identifying spider bites?	labels:are you concerned about whether to go to the hispital for a spider bite
text:no i want to know how to identify spider bites	labels:Find data on how to identify spider bites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:are you interested in reading some inspirational quotations about dieting
text:no i need actual supplements	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the cost
text:i need to know what maintenance is required on a septic system	labels:What maintenance does a septic system require?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in the history of atari
text:no im not	labels:Find information about Atari arcade games.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you referring to saturday or the verb
text:neither i am trying to find out how to register for the sat exam	labels:How do I register to take the SAT exam?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:would you like to know the birthplace of madam cj walker
text:no i am more interested in her political beliefs and issues of her time	labels:Find information about C. J. Walker's involvement in the political and social issues of her day.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much are you willing to spend monthly for hosting
text:i just need general information on courses on designing web pages or information	labels:I'm looking for information and courses on designing web sites.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you need a tool to design the site
text:no i need to know where i can register a domain	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like to see information on fishing in arizona
text:yes by specifically taking me to the arizona game and fish webpage	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:what city in barbados are you interested in learning
text:it doesnt matter i am looking for the website for barbados underground	labels:Find the Barbados Underground homepage.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:do you want information on the person who invented music
text:no i am looking for the history of rock music	labels:Find information on the history of rock and roll music.	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the location of fickle creek farm
text:yes along with other general information	labels:Find general information about Fickle Creek Farm in North Carolina	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you interested in when ron howard was younger or his older work
text:neither i am interested in who are the parents wife and children of ron howard	labels:Who are Ron Howard's family members: parents, wife, any children?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for black history books
text:no i am looking for a timeline for african americans in the united states	labels:Find a timeline for African Americans in the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in educational reviews and essays about the secret garden for a homework assignment
text:no youre looking for tv and movie adaptations reviews of the secret garden	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to see diagrams of how a toilet flushes
text:no i am interested in people turning red which is known as blushing	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:What was electoral college 2008 results?	labels:who is the party candidate you would like to know more results
text:no what was the final breakdown of the electoral votes during the 2008 presidential race	labels:What were the results of the electoral college for the 2008 US presidential race?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:what model of wilson antenna are you inquiring about
text:not sure i am just looking for reviews of all wilson antennas	labels:Find reviews of Wilson antennas.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a contact number for the city government
text:no i would like information about available medical care in porterville ca	labels:What medical care is available in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know how a us president is elected
text:no i want to know who all of the past presidents were	labels:Find a list of past Presidents of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:how much weight do you want to lose while dieting
text:doesnt matter find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:are you referring to satellite imagery on google maps
text:yes that would suffice	labels:Find satellite maps and geographic images.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:would you like to know how internet phone service works
text:no i want to find out who are internet providers who provide service in my area	labels:Find free internet phone service.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:would you like to see a list of atari games
text:no i would like to no some history about atari itself	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:
text:	labels:Find InuYasha anime episodes for download.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:do you need any specific information on obama inauguration
text:no i want to read about the debate between john mccain and barrack obama	labels:I want to read about the debate between John McCain and Barack Obama hosted by Rick Warren.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about tribe formerly living in alabama	labels:are you interested in all tribes formerly living in alabama or just one tribe
text:all tribes	labels:Find information about Indian tribes that lived in the area that is now Alabama.	episode_done:True
text:where can I buy a trombone?	labels:are you looking for a store that sells trombones near you
text:yes i need a used trombone	labels:good places to sell a used trombone	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:are yoiu looking for information on plate tectonics
text:yes information on continental plate tectonics and the lithosphere	labels:Find background information on plate tectonics and the lithosphere.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:are you interested in atari 2600
text:yes i am	labels:I want to read about the history of the Atari 2600 and other Atari game consoles.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in penguin vape
text:no i am looking for images of penguins	labels:Find penguin photos.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering what moths eat
text:i do not need that information	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the sit and reach test.	labels:do you want to purchase a box to measure with
text:no	labels:Find out what the "sit and reach test" is.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Alexian Brothers hospitals.	labels:do you need an address
text:no i need the homepage	labels:Go to the Alexian Brothers Health System homepage.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:do you need tips on diy organizational methods
text:yes i need office supplies that will help me organize and declutter my office	labels:Find catalogs of office supplies for organization and decluttering.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for a list of movies ron howard directed
text:yes	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you interested in a tank design or one that dumps into open water
text:i dont know	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:do you need the address of east ridge high school
text:no i want to know which sports programs the school offers	labels:information about the sports program at East Ridge High School in Clermont, Florida	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know colleges in your area where you can study to be a paralegal
text:no i am looking for a list of all options to becoming a paralegal	labels:What ABA-approved certificate programs are there?	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:would you like to know how to become a dj
text:yes i would like to know how to become a dj	labels:How do I become a radio disc jockey?	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Finance.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:
text:	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about of Ralph Owen Brester.	labels:would you like to know what movie star portrayed brewster in the movie the aviator and what award the movie star was nominated for the performance
text:no i need to know the relationship he had with howard hughs	labels:What was the relationship between Howard Hughes and Ralph Owen Brewster?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:are you troubleshooting or trying to repair the unit
text:i dont know	labels:owner manuals for Kenmore (Sears) gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:would you like to see reviews on specific movies and tv shows
text:what movies would you like to see reviews on	labels:Find reviews of the various TV and movie adaptations of The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for a specific web page
text:no but i am looking for information and websites covering a specific incident	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:are you looking to buy an iron for your clothes
text:no i need information about the element iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:tell me about bart sf	labels:
text:	labels:Find BART train schedules and fares.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:would you like to book a new york hotel
text:not yet	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:are you looking for a specific web site about dinosaurs
text:yes im looking for discovery channels dinosaur site	labels:Go to the Discovery Channel's dinosaur site, which has pictures of dinosaurs and games.	episode_done:True
text:where to find morel mushrooms	labels:what region are you looking in
text:near my location	labels:What are the best places to find morel mushrooms growing?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:are you looking for sarah breedlove
text:no	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about mgb	labels:are you looking for what mgb stands for
text:no	labels:Find sites for MGB car owners and enthusiasts.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for pages that compare mitchell college with others
text:no i just need its homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you in interested in the animal or the manufacturing company
text:i am interested in the manufacturing company	labels:Find attachments for bobcat tractors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:what would you like to know about culpeper national cemetary
text:i would like to know who can be buried at culpeper national cemetary	labels:information regarding who can be buried at Culpeper National Cemetery	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:ae you looking for examples of septic system design
text:no just explain how it works	labels:How does a septic system work?	episode_done:True
text:Is Kenmore heater good	labels:what size are you looking for
text:i am unsure right now just tell me who sells them	labels:retailers of and price information for Kenmore gas water heaters	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you referring to the injury
text:yes hip injury its treatment and prognosis	labels:How do you treat a hip fracture and what is the prognosis for recovery?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:would you like to know about the plumbing mechanisms of flushing
text:this is not related to my search	labels:Why do people blush? What is blushing?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you looking for a garden in you area
text:no i am looking for biographical notes about frances burnett	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:do you want a list of departments within the va dmv registration
text:no i want the locations and hours of virginias dmv	labels:Where are offices of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles located and what are their hours of operation?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Iowa's food stamp program	labels:are you looking for an application on this topic
text:no looking for statistics	labels:Find statistics for the food stamp program in Iowa.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:do you need to know the next arkansas game time
text:i would like to see arkansas on a map	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about civil war battles in South Carolina	labels:are you interested in civil war battle memorials and other structures in south carolina
text:no i want to know which battles were fought there	labels:Which civil war battles were fought in South Carolina?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:do you want to know more about the grilling process
text:i need to find instructions for grillin	labels:Find instructions for grilling chicken.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:are you looking for information about computer viruses
text:dont know	labels:Find information about the Conficker worm.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:are you looking for reviews of the music man
text:no i am looking for recordings of songs from the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:what colors do you want to use
text:fire and glame colors	labels:Find pictures of flames and fire.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:how about some organizing tips
text:no tips just take me to the homepage for the container store	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:What is USDA food pyramid	labels:are you interested in the history of the usda food pyramid
text:no i am just interested in the description of the usda food pyramid	labels:Find a description of the USDA food pyramid.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you want to take a sat prep class
text:no	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:are you looking for any specific photos
text:no i want a kit for a raised garden bed	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:are you interested in inuyasha cosplay
text:i am interessted in images and wallpapers of inuyasha	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:are you looking for gmat prep classes near you
text:no i am looking for the beat	labels:I'm looking for the BeatTheGMAT blog and forums.	episode_done:True
text:Which gps receiver I should buy	labels:would you like to know your gps coordinates
text:no i want reviews for handheld ups units and portable car navigation systems	labels:Find reviews of GPS units and car navigation systems.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:are you interested in digital pianos
text:no computer keyboards	labels:Find reviews of computer keyboards.	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:are you looking for specific products related to toilets
text:i want to know what companies manufacture bidets	labels:What companies manufacture bidets?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:do you wish to take a korean language test
text:no i want info about the background of korean languages	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about USA tax for annuity	labels:
text:	labels:Where can I buy an indexed annuity? What investment companies offer them?	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:would you like to see how to meet the legal requirement to be an equal opportunity employer
text:this doesnt answer my question	labels:What does the phrase, "equal opportunity employer" mean?	episode_done:True
text:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	labels:do you want to know how to tie a full windsor knot
text:yes	labels:How do you tie a Windsor knot?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about indiana state fairgrounds.	labels:would you like to buy tickets for a specific event there
text:no i want to driving directions	labels:Find driving directions to the Indiana State Fairgrounds.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:would you like to watch an inuyasha movie
text:maybe later but for now show me some fan forums and websites	labels:I'm looking for InuYasha fan forums and websites.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no i would like to see a picture of the barbados flag	labels:What does the Barbados flag look like?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about elliptical trainer	labels:would you like a list of websites that show workouts for elliptical trainers
text:no	labels:What are the best elliptical trainers for home use?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:are you interested in american bobcats
text:no	labels:Find dealers that sell or rent Bobcat tractors and construction equipment.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:are you wondering where to find moths
text:no i am wondering what they eat	labels:What do moths and butterflies eat?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you trying to learn the korean language
text:id like to know the history of the korean writing system hangui	labels:Find a history of Hangul, the Korean writing system.	episode_done:True
text:What is equal opportunity employer?	labels:are you looking for specific information regarding an equal opportunity employer
text:no i want to find the homepage of the eeoc	labels:Find the homepage of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on duchess county tourism	labels:where in specific in dutchess county were you curious about
text:na	labels:Find information for tourists about Dutchess County, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to know how to sew on a button
text:no i would like to basic beginners sewing instructions	labels:Find sewing sites for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:Give me espn sports information.	labels:do you want to know about special events on espn
text:no i am looking for nascar races only	labels:I'm looking for information on NASCAR races.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:are you wanting to visit this hospital because of a friend or family
text:i want outpatient housing for the mayo clinic in jacsonville fl	labels:Housing information for outpatients of the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL.	episode_done:True
text:How to write a thank you letter after an interview?	labels:are you interested in example of thank you letters for interview
text:yes	labels:Get help on writing a thank-you letter after a job interview.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the president of the united states	labels:do you want to know about the office of the president of the us
text:no i need the homepage of the president of the us	labels:Find the homepage of the President of the United States.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on Porterville.	labels:are you looking for a hotel near porterville
text:no i need k12 schools near porterville	labels:What K-12 schools are in Porterville, CA?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what country volvo is located
text:yes	labels:Where can I find Volvo semi trucks for sale (new or used)?	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for a grill for grilling food
text:yes i want to know how to grill vegetables	labels:Find tips on grilling vegetables.	episode_done:True
text:How do I get my free annual credit report?	labels:would you like to know more about free credit reports
text:no but i would like to learn more about how a credit score is determined	labels:How is a credit score determined?	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:when do you want to take a gmat prep class
text:i want tips that will help me do well on the gmat	labels:I'd like to find some tips to help me do well on the GMAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no im looking for research projects performed at pnl	labels:types of research projects performed at PNL	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:do you want to be on the beach
text:i dont know	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about uplift at yellowstone national park	labels:would you like more information of the course of the yellowstone volcano and the different hypothesizes scientest have
text:no i want to know what the likelihood is of an eruption and the effects of it	labels:How likely is a volcanic eruption at Yellowstone National Park, and what would be the effects of such an eruption?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you trying to purchase the beatles rock band game
text:no i am looking for a list of songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about wilson antenna	labels:do you have questions about the wilson antenna warrenty
text:no i want to find out which wilson antenna is the best one for a big truck	labels:What is the best antenna from Wilson for a big truck?	episode_done:True
text:Information about bobcat	labels:would you like to learn about tractors
text:no	labels:Find information about wild bobcats.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on Barbados Prime Minister David Thompson.	episode_done:True
text:What are the best recepies for grilling	labels:are you looking for the magazine the grilling
text:i am if it has information on using grills	labels:Find information on gas barbecue grills and cooking on a gas grill.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about ct jobs	labels:do you want to know who is hiring here
text:no i want to know about filing for unemployment	labels:Find information about filing an claim for unemployment in Connecticut.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:
text:	labels:What movies has Ron Howard directed?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:do you want to hear about the pittsburgh penguins
text:i would like to get to the homepage for the pittsburgh penguins website	labels:Find the homepage of the Pittsburgh Penguins	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:
text:	labels:What are the regulations for hunting and fishing in Arizona?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering where cheap internet is
text:i want cheap dsl providers	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:What is yahoo	labels:do you want to know about yahoo the company or yahoo the word
text:i want to go to yahoo mail	labels:Take me to Yahoo! Mail.	episode_done:True
text:Info on dog heat?	labels:are you looking for symptoms of dog heat
text:no im looking for the definition	labels:Find information on dogs' reproductive cycle. What does it mean when a dog is "in heat"?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you trying to find films that ron howard directed
text:tv shows where he actualy acted	labels:What television shows did Ron Howard act in?	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find cheap DSL providers.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:
text:	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:which episodes of inuyasha would you like to see
text:none i would like see inuyasha wallpaper samples	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:How should I use the septic system design	labels:are you looking for the business near you
text:yes	labels:I need a septic system contractor.	episode_done:True
text:What is California Franchise Tax Board	labels:do you want information on the tax board
text:no just forms	labels:Find tax forms and other information on filing individual taxes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:do you want to know more about companies headquartered in bellevue washington
text:no i specifically want to know info about bellevue hospital center	labels:Find information about Bellevue Hospital Center in New York, NY.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:are you looking for signs to expect
text:no i want to find videos and pictures of tornadoes	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about uss yorktown charleston SC	labels:what things to do and see are you interested in
text:i want to see the uss yorktown exhibit at patriots point museum	labels:Find information about the USS Yorktown exhibit at the Patriots Point museum.	episode_done:True
text:What are the causes of lipoma tumors	labels:are you looking for a clinic for lipoma treatment
text:no i need the causes of lipoma tumors in humans	labels:What are the causes of lipoma tumors in humans?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for information about hangul
text:no	labels:Find resources on translating Korean to other languages.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:which poker tournament are you interested in knowing more about
text:full tilt poker	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the gs pay rate	labels:do you need any specific information in relation with the federal wage system
text:yes id like to know if the federal wage system affects the general schedule	labels:Does the Federal Wage System affect the General Schedule?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:do you want to compare prices for website hosting and design
text:no i want to know where to register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal
text:yes the training qulaifications	labels:What training is required to become a paralegal?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for bellevue baptist church
text:no im looking for bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:discovery channel store	labels:do you want to see the store catalogue
text:yes	labels:Find science toys and products geared towards teaching science to kids sold by Discovery Channel stores.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:are you interested to teach sewing to children
text:i dont know	labels:Find helpful sewing tips for beginners.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:how much would you like to pay for a dog
text:no i want to know how to go about adopting a dog	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on jax chemical company	labels:are you looking for some retailers
text:no i need the contact information for jax chemical company	labels:contact information for Jax Chemical Company	episode_done:True
text:Find information about Mitchell College.	labels:are you looking for mitchell colleges course catelog
text:no just the homepage	labels:Find the homepage for Mitchell College.	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for the music man.	labels:do you want to know the cast of the music man
text:no i would like the songs from the music man	labels:Find recordings of songs from The Music Man.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about mayo clinic Jacksonville FL	labels:is there a medical condition that you are looking heal
text:thats not relavent just tell me how to set up an appointment with the mayo clinic in jacksonville florida	labels:How does one request an appointment at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about Culpeper National Cemetry	labels:would you like to see services for the culpeper national cemetary today
text:no i want to know where its located	labels:Where is the Culpeper National Cemetery located?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Bellevue.	labels:are you looking for a hospital in new york ny
text:no i am looking for the homepage of bellevue college in washington	labels:Find the homepage of Bellevue College, Washington.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you interested in knowing the avergae salary of an employee of the tennessee highway patrol
text:no i need to fill out the satisfaction survey for my interaction witih a trooper	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no im looking for a list of casinos	labels:What casinos are in Kansas City, Missouri?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vanuatu	labels:are you interested in visiting
text:yes	labels:I need travel and tourism information for Vanuatu.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:
text:	labels:information about product recalls for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:is there a specific internet company you need information on
text:no i want general information about phone service cost	labels:How much does internet phone service cost?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on dieting	labels:what kinds of specialized diets are you interested in
text:im looking for herbal supplements and appetite suppressants	labels:Find herbal diet supplements and appetite suppressants.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you referring to the greek god or the pc
text:neither titan motercycles	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:are you interested in a specific web page
text:yes i need to go to the college board homepage	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for doors
text:yes but for automobile doors	labels:How do you weather strip automobile windows and doors?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you looking for a specific website
text:no i just need general information about barbados history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on becoming a paralegal	labels:do you want to know the qualifications necessary to become a paralegal
text:no i am looking for a specific web page	labels:Find the homepage of the paralegal association.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:
text:	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Korean language.	labels:are you looking for a dictionary
text:no i am looking for korean language history	labels:Find background information about the Korean language.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you also need information about oceanic plates
text:no	labels:Find maps of the continental plates.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:are you looking for jobs in richland
text:no i am trying to see what jobs are available at the pnl and what their requirements for employment are	labels:career opportunities at PNL: what openings are currently available, what educational background is required, what prior experience is needed	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:are you interested in the fruit or are you looking for the clothing brand that sells scrubs
text:i am interested in the fruit	labels:Find information on the different varieties of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you looking for something to read
text:i just want information	labels:Find names of famous African American inventors.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kansas city mo	labels:
text:	labels:Find information on the Hallmark Visitors Center in Kansas City, MO.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to know where figs grow
text:no	labels:Find recipes that use figs.	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for patches
text:no i have a more general smokingrelated query	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you looking for the featured music on the er tv show
text:i only want to watch the episodes	labels:Find episodes of ER I can download or watch online.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more on health clubs in Arkansas	labels:is arkadelphia in the name of the health club
text:yes i want information on that	labels:information regarding the locations of and services/facilities provided by the Arkadelphia Health Club	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need any specific information for controlling moths
text:no	labels:How can I identify different types of moths?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes
text:no that is not really related to my search	labels:What is the difference in regards to cholesterol, calorie count, and other nutritional qualities.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:would you like to book a hotel i singapore
text:yes specifically raffles hotel	labels:Find the homepage of Raffles Hotel in Singapore.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on common schizophrenia drugs	labels:are you interested in knowng what common drugs can treat schizophrenia
text:yes	labels:Which drugs are commonly used to treat the different stages of schizophrenia?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Barbados.	labels:are you interested in barbados ecology
text:no i would like to know about its history	labels:Find information on Barbados history.	episode_done:True
text:How can I adopt a dog	labels:what adoption agency or shelter would you like to use
text:any near me would suffice	labels:What should I know about adopting a dog?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:what type of website do you need
text:a personal one	labels:Find sites that offer free DNS hosting.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about black history.	labels:are you interesting in a certain countrys black history
text:no i want activities i can do for children during black history month	labels:Find activities for children for Black History month.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ron howard.	labels:are you looking for upcoming movies by ron howard
text:no i was his biography information	labels:Find biographical information on director Ron Howard.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you interested in lowcost internet providers
text:yes i am looking for some examples of lowcost isps	labels:What are some low-cost broadband internet providers?	episode_done:True
text:butter and margarine	labels:would you like to know how butter and margarine are used in recipes
text:no i just want to know what makes them different	labels:What is the difference between butter and margarine?	episode_done:True
text:tell me about dark chocolate health benefits	labels:are you interested in the different candles dark chocolate is made into
text:no im more interested in the health benefits of eating dark chocolate	labels:What are the health benefits associated with eating dark chocolate?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:were you interested in applying to the american military university or just recieving an informational brochure
text:no i just need the homepage	labels:find the home page of the American Military University	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about kids earth day activities	labels:are you looking for activities to be done in a classroom
text:close what activities can kids do in general	labels:What are fun activities kids can do to celebrate Earth Day?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about hotels in New York.	labels:
text:	labels:Find inexpensive hotels in New York City.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about weather stripping	labels:are you interested in weather strips for doors
text:yes garage doors	labels:What is the best way to seal or weather strip my garage door?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there a specific representative that you need contact information for
text:no i want information about the facilities	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no i want to fill out a survey about my interaction with a tennesse highway patrol trooper	labels:I want to fill in the customer satisfaction survey about my interaction with a Tennessee Highway Patrol State Trooper.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Neil Young.	labels:are you looking for specific neil young songs
text:no i am looking for neil young albums	labels:Find albums by Neil Young to buy.	episode_done:True
text:what are continental plates	labels:do you also need information about oceanic plates
text:no i want information about continental drift	labels:Find pages that give information on and evidence for continental drift.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for keyboard reviews	labels:do yo want to know about keyboards internationally
text:tell me about the best computer keyboards for gaming	labels:What computer keyboards are best for gaming?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:would you want to buy flame design stickers
text:yes for sure i would buy	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about cell phones.	labels:are you looking for a new phone with a specific carrier
text:i need information on companies and types of phones but not sure if one is necesssary	labels:Find information on prepaid cell phones. What companies offer them? What kind of phones are available?	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:would you like to know where pork tenderloin comes from in a pig
text:no please tell me some crock pot recipes for pork tenderloin	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin cooked in a crockpot.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:do you want to know what sites you can watch tv on the computer at
text:yes please	labels:Looking for information on how to watch television programming on your computer.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Pocono	labels:which mountain ski resort would you like information around the pocono area
text:the split rock resort	labels:Find information about the Split Rock Resort in the Poconos.	episode_done:True
text:TV on computer	labels:
text:	labels:Find television channels and shows that I can watch online on my computer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about penguins.	labels:are you interested in a specific type of penguin
text:yes i would like to find merchandise available for the pittsburgh penguins hockey team	labels:Find Pittsburgh Penguins merchandise such as hockey jerseys.	episode_done:True
text:What are specific dangers of asbestos?	labels:are you interested in the levels of dangers associated with asbsestos
text:yes im interested in the levels of danger associated with asbestos	labels:What specific health problems arise from exposure to asbestos?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:can we show you reviews of the original classic book the secret garden
text:no im interested in the broadway musical	labels:Find information about the Broadway musical The Secret Garden.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Internet phone serices.	labels:which internet phone service providers are you interested in
text:i dont know i would like to know who provides voip phone service	labels:Who provides VOIP phone service?	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to pick parts yourself from a salvage yard
text:no i am looking for a wesite	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:tell me about UNC	labels:do you want to know the colors of unc
text:no	labels:Where is the University of North Carolina hospital located?	episode_done:True
text:Find symptoms of heart attack	labels:would you like to know about typical or atypical symptoms of heart attack
text:both i want to know the symptoms of heart attack in men and women	labels:What are the symptoms of a heart attack in both men and women?	episode_done:True
text:Find information about atari	labels:do you want to purchase an atari game
text:no im looking for a site where i can play old atari games online	labels:I am looking for a site where I can play old Atari games online.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:are you looking for a particular casino in french lick
text:yes the french lick resort and casino i need discount package information about them	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about joints	labels:are you referring to the joints you roll
text:no the joints in my body	labels:Find information about joint pain and how to treat it.	episode_done:True
text:Give me air travel information.	labels:do you need to find out about airport weather delays
text:no i want to know what the tsa rules are for carry on liquids	labels:What are the rules for liquids in carry-on luggage?	episode_done:True
text:How to change the toilet in the house	labels:do you have a specific toilet brand on your mind
text:no im looking for a list of all of the residential manufacturers	labels:I'm looking for companies that manufacture residential toilets.	episode_done:True
text:Information about raffles	labels:are you interested in raffles tv series
text:no	labels:Find information on organizing a raffle, for example for a charity or school.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you searching for east ridge high school football schedule
text:i dont know	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:which model of volvo are you interested in getting information about
text:i am looking for the nearest volvo dealer	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about flushing.	labels:are you interested in ways to fix problems flushing the toilet
text:no i need a street map of flushing ny	labels:Find a street map of Flushing, NY.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to watch a tournament online
text:no i am trying to find a website called full tilt poker	labels:Take me to the Full Tilt Poker website.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on hip fractures	labels:are you interested in any specific statistics for fractures
text:yes specifically in the elderly	labels:Find information on hip fractures in the elderly.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about electronic skeet shoot.	labels:are you needing to know what its used for
text:no i need some product reviews for some electronic skeet shoot games	labels:product reviews for electronic skeet shooting games	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about Volvo.	labels:would you like to know what are their most popular vehicles
text:no i just need a dealer	labels:Find a Volvo dealer.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for a specific web site
text:no	labels:demographics of East Ridge High School in Lick Creek, Kentucky	episode_done:True
text:tell me about iron	labels:do you want to know the iron composition of steel
text:no i want information on the element iron	labels:Find information about the element iron (Fe).	episode_done:True
text:How to register dmv in va?	labels:what services do you want to find information about
text:can you just take me to the virginia department of motor vehicles website	labels:home page of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:do you want to know about natural or artificial satellites
text:neither i am looking for satellite radio providers	labels:Find providers of satellite radio systems.	episode_done:True
text:Information about east ridge high school.	labels:are you looking for information about the sports facilities at the school
text:yes give me a description of them	labels:description of the sports facilities at East Ridge High School in Woodbury, MN	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you looking for what country arkansas is
text:i dont know	labels:Provide information on the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on the beatles rock band	labels:are you looking to find out about the albums of the beatles
text:yes i am looking specifically for a list of songs	labels:Find a listing of Beatles songs.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:are you looking for used car parts for a particular model of car
text:right now i just want the carpartcom website	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for sources of used car parts.	labels:would you like to buy parts online or in person
text:i just want to web site	labels:I'm looking for the car-part.com web site.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:do you want to know the cost of a gmat prep class
text:no whats the difference between gmat and the gre	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in dinosaurs	labels:
text:	labels:I want to find pictures of dinosaurs that I can color in, as in a coloring book.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in InuYasha	labels:how would you like to watch inuyasha episodes
text:i would not like to watch inuyasha episodes	labels:I'm looking for pictures and wallpaper images from InuYasha.	episode_done:True
text:How to get organised?	labels:are you looking for specific products related to getting organized
text:no i just want to go to the container stores homepage	labels:Take me to the Container Store homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about texas border patrol.	labels:do you want a phone number to call
text:yes i want a number to border control	labels:Find information on the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol in Texas.	episode_done:True
text:who invented music	labels:are you interested in music streaming
text:no i would like to know who invented music	labels:Find information on the history and development of music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on web design and hosting.	labels:how much data do you need stored
text:no i want to know where i can register a domain name	labels:Where can I register a domain name?	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information about game and fish in Arizona.	labels:would you like the location of the arizona fish and game comission
text:i want to go to the arizona fish and game website	labels:Take me to the Arizona Game and Fish Department homepage.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:would you like to know more about ocd
text:i want to know more about treatment than anything	labels:What medications are used for treating OCD?	episode_done:True
text:to be or not to be that is the question	labels:are you interested in shakespeares plays
text:yes i would like to text from the to be or not to be soliloquy in hamlet	labels:Find the text of Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:does your forearm hurt from twisting
text:no	labels:What kinds of injuries or conditions can cause forearm pain?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about satilies	labels:
text:	labels:Find providers of satellite internet service.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in poker tournaments	labels:do you want to play in online poker tournaments
text:yes but i want to find out specifically about texas holdem tournements	labels:I want to find Texas Hold-Em tournaments.	episode_done:True
text:How to cook pork tenderlion	labels:do you need to cook a pork tenderloin
text:yes	labels:Find recipes for pork tenderloin marinades and dry rubs.	episode_done:True
text:How can one can become highway patrol	labels:would you like me to contact them for you
text:no i just want to know about their responsibilities	labels:information about the responsibilities of the Tennessee Highway Patrol	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about us presidents	labels:are you interested in the middle name of the current vice president of the united states
text:no i want the middle name of all the us presidents	labels:Find a list of the full names of US presidents.	episode_done:True
text:Find information on raised gardens.	labels:do you need information on materials needed
text:no i am looking for a raised garden bed kit not what materials are needed	labels:Find a raised garden bed kit.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about the secret garden.	labels:are you interested in visiting a secret garden
text:no	labels:I'm looking for biographical notes about Frances Hodgson Burnett.	episode_done:True
text:How to prepare for the GMAT?	labels:any specific company on your mind
text:i dont know what company in what industry i currently need information about	labels:What's the difference between the GRE and the GMAT?	episode_done:True
text:I’m looking for information on worm	labels:do you want to learn where to purchase fishing bait
text:no i need more information on computer viruses on spyware protection	labels:Find information about computer worms, viruses, and spyware.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:are you interested in summaries of episodes of er tv show
text:no the music on the show	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you interested in ocd in children
text:no i need general informaton of ocd	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:
text:	labels:information about the scientific user facilities of the laboratory	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find cheap internet	labels:are you wondering who used cheap internet
text:no i want providers of free wireless	labels:Find me some providers of free wireless internet access.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to learn about moths	labels:do you need to identify a moth
text:maybe i would like to see pictures of moths	labels:Find pictures of moths.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about the pacific northwest laboratory.	labels:is there a specific representative that you need contact information for
text:i want to know who operates pnl	labels:Who operates (manages) PNL?	episode_done:True
text:What is Fickle Creek Farm	labels:do you want to know the animal population at fickle creek farm
text:no i need to know how to get there	labels:Where is Fickle Creek Farm, and how can I go there?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to watch er tv show
text:no i would like summaries of episodes from the show er	labels:Find summaries of episodes from the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Disneyland hotel.	labels:are you looking for a hotel inside disneyland
text:i would like special offers for hotels	labels:Find special offers such as reduced ticket rates at Disneyland.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information on OCD.	labels:are you looking for treatment for ocd
text:no i am looking for the symptoms of obsessivecompulsive disorder	labels:What are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder?	episode_done:True
text:what are the popular jobs in Michigan	labels:do you want to know the number of available jobs on the website
text:no i need to find information about services available to the unemployed in michigan	labels:Find information about services available to the unemployed in Michigan.	episode_done:True
text:Give me information about Titan.	labels:are you looking to get more information about titan machinery
text:yes i want to learn more about titan	labels:Find the homepage for Titan motorcycles.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:do you want realistic or cartoonish designs
text:both	labels:I'm looking for flame design stencils.	episode_done:True
text:Find sewing instructions for me	labels:would you like to learn basics for sewing
text:yes specifically geared towards children	labels:Find materials for teaching sewing to children.	episode_done:True
text:What to do in Arkansas	labels:are you interested in learning about arkansas
text:no	labels:Show a map of Arkansas.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me more about HP mini 2140	labels:do you want reviews of the hp mini 2140
text:no i am looking for where i can buy one and how much they cost at these locations	labels:retailers, including price information, of the HP Mini 2140 notebook computer	episode_done:True
text:how to hire disc jockey	labels:are you looking for reviews of djs
text:that would be helpful	labels:I'm looking for DJs that specialize in hip-hop music.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for information on Rick Warren.	labels:are you looking for the age of rick warren
text:no i just want to read about the controversy involving warren and obamas inauguration	labels:I want to see articles and web pages about the controversy over Rick Warren's invocation at the Obama inauguration.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:do you want to know more about the the curriculum
text:no i wants information on requirements for enrolling in the university	labels:What are the registration requirements for enrolling at American Military University?	episode_done:True
text:Find information on French Lick Resort and Casino.	labels:do you have a preference of the casino in french lick
text:no i want to konw the discounted packages for staying at the french lick resort and casino	labels:Are there discounted packages for staying at French Lick Resort and Casino?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me information about a sore throat.	labels:would you like things to do to soothe a sore throat
text:no i want to know why my throat is only sore on one side	labels:What does it mean when my throat is sore on only one side?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about ps 2 games?	labels:which ps 2 game franchises are you interested in
text:i wish to find a general list of reviews for playstation 2 games	labels:Find reviews of PlayStation 2 games.	episode_done:True
text:Where can I find information about forearm pain?	labels:do you have forearm pain from lifting
text:no i have elbow pain i want home remedies on	labels:Are there good home remedies for elbow pain?	episode_done:True
text:I need information about the University of Phoenix.	labels:do you need the website for the university of phoenix
text:yes i need to homespages for the faculty members	labels:Find homepages of faculty members at the University of Phoenix.	episode_done:True
text:I'm looking for flame designs	labels:are you interested in finding a local tattoo shop that does flame design
text:maybe once i find the perfect design	labels:I'm looking for good flame tattoo designs.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about Afganistan.	labels:would you like to know where afghanistan is located
text:yes and a map	labels:Find maps of Afghanistan.	episode_done:True
text:Find me information on sat	labels:do you need sat study materials
text:no i need to go to the college board hompeage the company that makes the sat	labels:Take me to the homepage of the College Board, authors of the SAT.	episode_done:True
text:figs	labels:would you like to see a list of different kind of figs with images
text:no im looking for information on health benefits	labels:Find information on nutritional or health benefits of figs.	episode_done:True
text:Find condos in Florida.	labels:are you looking to buy or lease
text:lease it is a rental	labels:I want to find a vacation rental oceanfront condo in Florida.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about er television show.	labels:do you want to know awards er has won
text:no i am looking for music that was featured on the show er	labels:Find music that featured on the show ER.	episode_done:True
text:Find information about tornadoes	labels:would you like historic information
text:no	labels:Find videos and pictures of tornadoes.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about vines for shade.	labels:would you like to know cheap ways to grow vines
text:no i want to find ideas on using plant vines as shade	labels:ideas on using plant vines to shade an area on or around my house from the sun, like training them on an inexpensive trellis or up a wall or fence	episode_done:True
text:How can I quick smoking	labels:are you looking for information on how to quit smoking
text:no i would like to know the benefits of quitting smoking	labels:What are the benefits of quitting smoking?	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about madam cj walker	labels:do you want to know what madam cj walker invented
text:yes and i want information about the business they started	labels:Find information about the business that C. J. Walker started.	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about american military university.	labels:would you be interested in learning more about the history of the american military university
text:no i want to know more about what people say about the university and its reviews	labels:reviews and commentary on the quality of education received by students at American Military University	episode_done:True
